DAY 3
Jessica slowly comes to the following morning, moaning slightly as the aches from the previous evening fill her body.
She sighs as she turns her alarm off, arching her back and already craving the hot water of a shower to wash away the pain in her muscles.
Oww. Even my neck hurts. I should have known I'd spend today paying for getting rammed against that wall
Worth it, though.
Oww. Even my neck hurts. I should have known I'd spend today paying for screwing Conner in an alley.
Worth it, though.
The woman takes a deep breath, taking in the scent of her boyfriend lying next to her.
He still smells like that club. He's gonna need a shower, and I desperately need one.
Jessica feels Conner stirring next to her, and turns to say good morning to her love.
Hey, baby.
Conner yawns before greeting his beautiful girlfriend with a smile.
Hey. Good morning. How you doin' today?
The girl groans.
Sore. In several places.
Hehe. I guess that means you had fun last night.
Oh yeah. But it's time for work. I need to grab a shower.
Well, now, don't be hasty. Any reason I can't get a nice wake-up call like the other morning?
Sorry, babe. No fun this morning. I need to get ready, and so do you.
Aww.
Jessica chuckles and plants a small kiss on Conner's nose before planting a much larger kiss on his lips, his arms pulling her in tight.
The woman moans into his lips, feeling warm and safe in his embrace, but the ache of her body soon reminds her that she doesn't have all morning to lie in bed.
I love you, babe.
I love you too, sweetie.
Jessica goes through her morning routine, brushing her teeth before stripping down for her shower.
Climbing in, Jessica sighs in pleasure as she feels the hot water cascading over her aching flesh.
God knows what I'm gonna do when I'm older and can't bounce back from poundings like that anymore.
Fuck it, though. Might as well enjoy myself while I'm young.
The sound of the shower door opening draws a small squeal of shock from Jessica, who turns to find a naked Conner stepping inside.
Hey? What are you doing? I'm in here. 
No problem. I don't mind.
Well I do. I know what happens when you get in the shower with me, and I don't have time for it right now.
This is just like him. His boldness gets on my nerves at times, especially since I know damn well what he has in mind.
Hey, can you turn down the water? That's way too hot.
Jessica gives a small laugh and shakes her head, incredulous.
No! I was in here first, so you can just suck it up.
Already, though, Jessica can tell that Conner had forgotten about the water temperature, his eyes drifting down over her body.
His hand comes up, ready to caress her drenched breast, until her own hand raises and pushes it away.
Conner, no. I mean it. I don't have time today.
Hey, I get it. I have to get to work too. Here, let me help you get cleaned.
Jessica sighs, accepting his deflection and handing him the sponge.
Okay. Get my back, would you?
Jessica soon felt the soft instrument sliding down her back, and a quiet sigh slipped from her lips. Sore as she was, it felt incredible having Conner washing her.
For a minute or so, neither speaks, Conner simply soaping up her body, Jessica running through her day in her head.
Oh, hey, I forgot to mention. I told Heather we'd have dinner with her and Christian tonight.
Conner is silent a moment, but soon nods.
Okay. What time?
Ah, we didn't set an exact time, but it should be around eight.
Sounds good. I haven't had time to know them better, but they seem cool.
Jessica is only half-listening to his comment, savoring the feel of him just behind her, the sponge running along her back.
God, I'm glad he's back. I really do have to get to work, though.
Maybe...? No, no. You need to get going.
Conner moves the sponge further down her body, rolling it around her hips. The feeling of his erection against her backside is unmistakable.
Aaaaand there it is. Like clockwork. And that's why we shouldn't shower together on work days...
...though that really does feel nice.
Well, look who's up already!
So? Changed your mind about our no-fun morning?
Is your dick magical, babe? Do you think just poking me with that magic wand of yours will make me turn into a bimbo?
Conner chuckles.
I don't know. Is it working?
Jessica reaches back, her fingers closing around her boyfriend's impressive manhood.
Hmm. Maybe. I think... maybe I need to take a closer look to find out.
Jessica turns around, spinning Conner about and into the wall. Her fingers once again closed about his eager phallus, stroking back and forth.
Well, it's certainly impressive. All that power flowing through certainly feels like magic.
Conner says nothing, simply closing his eyes and savoring the feeling of his girlfriend stroking his cock.
I wonder how it works? This big magic dick of yours. Push it inside my pussy, wave it around like a wand, say a few magic words, and PRESTO! I'm a nympho ready to ride you all night long!
Jessica's hand speeds up as she speaks, rapidly stroking the thick cock in her hand, Conner breathing heavily as the woman brings him closer and closer to orgasm.
Your magic cum will fill my cunt, and I'll scream your name as you fuck me over and over again!
She can see he's getting close, and a vicious smirk comes over the woman's lips.
Without warning, she releases her boyfriend's cock, turning about and stepping out of the shower.
No. No, it's not.
Wha- what?
Your dick. It's not magic, and I'm gonna be late for work.
Conner stares at his girlfriend for several seconds, speechless.
Wh- bu- y- really?! You're just gonna leave me like this?!
You're a big boy. You'll take care of it.
Drying herself with her towel, Jessica leaves the bathroom, leaving her incredulous boyfriend behind, literally holding his dick.
After drying herself off, Jessica finishes preparing for work, throwing on her clothes and putting on her makeup.
Her thoughts drift back to Conner, a smile crossing her lips as she thinks of him holding his dick in the shower.
I don't know what came over me. I've never had a problem telling him no to sex before, but I could barely bring myself to do it this time.
Hell, maybe his dick is magical. Or maybe I've just become a bimbo.
Hearing Conner coming out of the bathroom, Jessica can't help but let out a giggle.
I wonder if he jerked off? Maybe not. Maybe my soldier's tired of taking care of his own \"little soldier\".
Jessica finds Conner already sitting at the table eating breakfast, a bit of a pout on his lips. She feels a little bad, wondering if she'd upset him.
You okay, sweetie?
Conner makes a clear show of pouting, but she can tell he's fine.
A little disappointed, but I'm fine, babe.
The woman leans over as she puts on her shoe, hand reaching for the bowl.
Lemme just grab a bit here real quick.
Are you gonna have something to eat?
The woman shakes her head.
I'm not hungry.
Aaaand yet you're eating my cereal.
Just a bite. I'll grab a coffee on the way.
Jessica pecks Conner on the cheek before she heads to the door.
Bye, baby.
Later.
Jessica jumps on her scooter and heads off, eager to see how Rosa's article from the previous day turned out.
Hey, Jessica!
Mr. Parker is waving excitedly as she passes by, more animated than she's ever seen him. Jessica quickly pulls over to see what's got him so worked up.
Hey, Mr. Parker. What's up?
Damn, Jessica. I was joking about getting your byline on the first day, but you managed it on the second!
Huh? What do you mean?
The article in today's Gazette.
Uh... which one? The one about the bridge?
That's the one! Come on, I'll show you.
Jessica pulls off her helmet, setting it down on the scooter as she climbs off and follows him.
Mr. Parker hands her the day's copy of the Gazette. Jessica still finds herself confused, as she hadn't had any part in writing it.
Her eyes glance over the front page, drawing a chuckle from Mr. Parker.
Easy there, Ms. Journalist. Page Four.
Quickly turning to the correct page, Jessica's eyes find the article about the bridge, the byline listing her own name right after Rosa's.
Jessica chuckles.
Well that was nice of her, but I just accompanied Rosa to talk to a guy. I didn't have a hand in writing the article.
Hey hey, don't sell yourself short there, missy. Getting to the bottom of these sorts of things is usually the real work, not writing the article.
Searching through thousands of documents for hidden clues. Trying to pull out the truth from some liar's mouth. Digging through someone's garbage to find his dirty secrets.
That's the true work. Writing it down later is the easy part.
Jessica smiles at the how excited he gets when talking about his old job.
Mr. Parker moves closer, pointing at the article and continuing to rattle on about it.
Jessica gives him a smile, but her eyes flit suspiciously over to the man.
Does he know that I can feel his crotch? Was... that why he moved closer? To press it into me?
Jessica blushes slightly.
I did give him an eyeful of my ass last time I was here, even shook it in his face.
Still, I mean... pressing it into my hip like this?
This has gone too far, I shouldn't encourage him.
This is really cool, but I've got to get to work. I'm already a little late.
Of course. Thanks for stopping by anyway. I appreciate it.
I want to get a copy of this, show Conner when I get home. How much?
Are you kidding? I've never charged you before, I'm damn sure not gonna do it when your name's in it, little lady.
Jessica gives the man a smile as she strolls off, waving goodbye.
Thanks, Mr. Parker. Have a great day.
You too, Jessica. Knock 'em dead!
Jessica climbs on her bike as Mr. Parker heads back inside his stand, although she can feel his eyes on her ass even as she takes off down the street.
Alright. Now I just need to grab a coffee and I'm ready for work.
I wonder if he's doing this because of how I acted last time? Maybe he thinks I wouldn't mind, given how I gave him a little show.
And he feels... kind of big?... Bigger than I would have expected from him.
It doesn't feel like he has an erection just yet, though. He's not hard.
Let's see how serious he is about it.
Do you miss it?
Mr. Parker sighs, a nostalgic smile rests on his face while he takes a moment, seemingly to consider his answer.
At times. But then I remember the part about digging through garbage and I don't miss it anymore.
Jessica chuckles as his eyes drift through the newspaper in her hands.
I wonder if one day I would sell newspapers in an old stand, reliving the good memories through other people's stories…
Ah, I've got to get to work. I'm already a little late.
Of course. The second article is waiting. You never know what those shitheads at City Hall would do next.
I want to get a copy of this, show Conner when I get home. How much?
Are you kidding? I've never charged you before, I'm damn sure not gonna do it when your name's in it, little lady.
Jessica gives the man a smile as she strolls off, waving goodbye.
Thanks, Mr. Parker. You're the best! Have a great day.
You too, Jessica. Knock 'em dead!
Jessica climbs on her bike as Mr. Parker heads back inside his stand.
That's a pretty damn good start to the day. Now I just need a coffee, and I'm ready to go!
Jessica shifts her hips slightly closer to Mr. Parker, amused by the idea of teasing the man.
He pulls his own hips back slightly, but doesn't step away. Instead, the two go on talking about the article, discussing the details, acting as if nothing is happening.
Jessica, though, continues to push her leg to the right ever so slightly, just enough to rub the man's dick.
Well, whether or not he meant to push himself into me, he definitely seems like he's enjoying himself now.
And I think he's getting harder. I'm starting to feel more pressure on my hip.
Well, this time I'll DEFINITELY know if I gave him a hard-on.
Oh my god. He's definitely getting harder.
Wow! This is... kind of hot! I can't believe I'm getting turned on by this.
I mean, geez! As if it weren't bad enough I was doing this with someone other than Conner, we're in public, right by the street, all these people passing by... as we're basically dry-humping.
Oh god! Has anyone noticed?!
I can't believe how good he is at pretending nothing's going on. It's kind of cute, actually.
He knows I'm rubbing his dick with my leg, but by his face you'd think he was just blabbing about bullshit. How the hell is he doing it?
I wonder what it looks like? I wonder how big it is?
Maybe I can get a better feel.
What, um... what do you think... about, uh... Rosa's...
Tits, I mean your dick, I mean PROSE, damnit!
...style?
As she stammered out her question, Jessica's hand descended, slightly brushing against the man's growing bulge.
Mr. Parker coughs and stutters as he tries to speak.
It's, uh good. It's good. That's... real good, right there.
Mr. Parker!
Mr. Parker jerks up, turning to the woman approaching him, his hands moving to cover his crotch.
Mrs. Donaldson, hey! Uh... how... how are you?
I'm good. How's business today?
Fine, fine. A little slow. I was just, uh... reading today's Gazette.
Jessica smiles as the pair strike up a conversation, Mr. Parker doing everything in his power to appear nonchalant.
She wonders if the woman noticed anything as she approached, but if she had she appears good at hiding it.
I should be going, Mr. Parker. How much for the paper?
Oh, it's a gift, Jessica! For your first story!
Thanks, Mr. Parker!
The old man turns back to the other woman, one hand indicating Jessica while the other remains in place over his erection.
This is Jessica. She's a journalist with the Gazette. She just had her first story published today.
Well, congratulations! That must be so exciting!
Thanks! He's exaggerating how important it is, but it is pretty cool. It was nice to meet you! You both have a great day.
Drive safe, Jessica!
As Jessica drives off down the street, she wonders how long Mrs. Donaldson will keep the man busy, desperately hoping his erection would diminish.
Well, that was fun. Now I just need to grab a coffee and I'm ready for work.
Before going to work Jessica decides to stop by the coffee shop.
The bell over the door rings, announcing Jessica as she enters the coffee shop.
Blake looks up as the reporter strides in, a smile lighting up the young woman's face.
Good morning!
Morning, Blake. How are you today?
Not bad. A little bored. It's pretty dead in here.
Well, can I get a large caffè latte?
Sure thing! Anything to eat?
No thanks. I'm not hungry. The bite of cereal I had earlier would do.
The breakfast of champions.
The pair share a chuckle as Blake begins making Jessica's coffee.
So how are things?
The two chat back and forth, talking about university, work. Jessica tells her about the story Rosa had been working on, and convincing the inspector to hand over his report.
Wow. It sounds like that dude pissed his pants. Wish I could have seen it.
It was pretty exciting.
I'll bet! I wish I had more people like you coming around. Most of the people who come in here are kinda boring.
Really?
Yeah. No one has stories of threatening people like that!
I don't exactly have too many stories like that, but I could tell you a few others from my last job. We should go for a coffee sometime.
You know, coffee from somewhere else. I doubt you want to spend your time off at work.
No kidding, although let's make it a beer. I smell coffee all day long. I could use a drink when I get off work.
Are you old enough to drink beer?
I'm in college. I drink beer every night.
Jessica chuckles, nodding.
Well, a beer it is then. Although I could use a break from drinking for a bit, after last night.
Blake is listening intently as she finishes preparing Jessica's coffee, eyes wide in admiration.
Ooooh, tell me what you did last... oh, shit. This guy.
Blake's smile fades as she gazes out the window. Jessica's eyes follow to see a young man approaching.
Someone you know? Is there a problem?
Blake groans, taking a deep breath.
He's one of those guys. Hits on me every time he comes in here.
Ah. You can't shut him down?
Blake shakes her head.
Nope. He can't take a hint, and dad says I can't be rude to the customers. Ugh.
Hey, Blake. What's up? You're lookin' fine today.
Hey, Derreck. What can I get you?
The usual. I wanted to stop in and see my favorite barista in my favorite coffee shop. So, what's up with you?
Nothing much.
The girl makes a point of looking down as she works, clearly trying to avoid the boy's gaze. Derreck rattles on, undeterred.
Hey, you got plans this weekend? I was hopin' you and I could do somethin' together.
I, uh, I can't.
Come on, you always say you're busy. You should loosen up, let yourself have some fun once in a while.
Blake ignores the comment, handing Jessica her coffee.
Here you go.
Thanks.
Derreck's attention turned to Jessica, his eyes roaming up and down her body.
Wow! You know, Blake, one thing I love about this place is the quality of your customers.
The girls share a quick glance between one another, Blake rolling her eyes while Jessica smiles, quite used to having to deal with overly flirtatious men.
I can see why Blake hates having this guy coming around. I should help her get rid of him.
Let's embarrass this little brat, see how he likes his ego taking a hit.
Hello. I'm Jessica.
Hey. Derreck. It's really good to meet you.
How about you? You doing anything this weekend?
He seems pleased. Probably thinks he's already got me on his hook.
Oh, you sad little man.
You know, I think you might be just the kind of man I'm looking for.
Really? Awesome.
I mean, I assume you're experienced sexually.
The boy's face lights up, while Blake's brow furrows in confusion.
Oh, you have no idea!
That's great. I'm a reporter, and I'm doing a study on STDs.
Uh...
You seem like you must have quite a bit of experience with them, and I'd love to pick your brain.
The boy's smile vanishes, replaced by a deep frown. Blake, on the other hand, is doing her best to suppress a grin.
What?! No! I've... I've never had anything like that!
Oh. Really?
Yes, really.
Well, I assumed someone like you would have... nevermind. It doesn't matter. We can just pretend you know a thing or two.
What?
Yeah. We'll do the interview, write the article as if you've had some 'health' issues in the past. They're all resolved, of course.
Ew, no!
Come on. You'd be perfect! Given all the women you've no doubt slept with, everyone will believe you've had a few... \"problems\".
Won't you do this favor for your favorite barista in your favorite coffee shop?
Come on, Derreck! You seem perfect for it.
We'll just talk for a bit, you'll sign a few release forms so we can use your name in the article, and it's all done.
Derreck groans, making a show of looking at his wrist.
Uh, I'd love to help, but... Wow, time flies. I gotta go.
But you don't even have a watch on.
Bye.
Blake leans over the counter, as the boy leaves, shaking a cup.
Derreck, you forgot your coffee!
The boy pays no attention, mumbling something and walking away as quickly as he can.
After he's gone, the ladies turn and share a laugh.
Oh, that was fun! Thanks, Jessica. I appreciate you getting him out of my hair.
No problem. In the future, just bring it back up. Hopefully that'll wither his excitement and send him packing.
Just don't push it. He might actually decide to go for it as some kind of twisted way of gloating about having slept with lots of girls.
You got it!
Jessica quickly scribbles down her phone number for Blake before heading for the door.
Alright, I'm off to work. Call me sometime.
Okay! Have a great day!
Oooh, I've got an idea. This should get him to leave Blake alone... or make him even pushier, but it's worth a shot.
Jessica strides confidently behind the counter, taking a shocked Blake in her arms.
I've got to get to work, honey. I'll see you tonight.
For a moment, Blake is lost and confused, unsure of what to do. Jessica motions to the side with her eyes, indicating Derreck.
Come on, Blake. Take the hint! Or I'm gonna look like an idiot.
Blake remains lost, though, not sure just what Jessica is doing.
Yeah... tonight...
Feeling Derreck's eyes on them still, Jessica thinks she needs to do a bit more for Blake to get the idea.
She leans forward, intent on planting a small kiss on Blake's lips.
Much to her surprise, Blake opens her mouth as well, turning the kiss into more than Jessica intended.
Okay. Might as well go with it.
Jessica puts pressure on Blake's lips, letting the kiss become a real one as she performs for the boy behind them, mumbling something to himself.
Blake, still shocked, begins responding to the kiss, finally giving Jessica what she needed to convince Derreck.
Wow, this is... this is really nice.
All thoughts of Derreck exit Jessica's mind, all her attention focused solely on the girl in her arms.
Her lips are so soft. She even tastes amazing, like fresh strawberries.
The pair kiss eagerly, Blake's hand pulling Jessica in as the girl shoves her tongue against Jessica's, both having given in to the passion of the moment.
As the embrace continues, Blake hugs Jessica tightly, throwing herself into the sapphic kiss with a fervor that surprises both of them.
God, kissing a girl is incredible! Her tongue is so nimble, her hand feels so soft on my neck. So different than Conner's rough fingers.
Jessica finds herself lost as she feels Blake press her body fully into Jessica's own.
Her body feels... amazing! I can feel her heart beating against my own. My head is absolutely spinning! What's happening here?! What's happening with me?!
Eventually, the two girls pull apart, though their faces remain inches away. Both are breathing heavily, surprised by the passion the other showed in their kiss.
I think he's gone.
Blake blinks a few times before nodding.
Huh? Oh, yeah. Yeah, Derreck. Right. He's uh... he's gone.
Jessica smiles as she steps back, grabbing her coffee. Blake still seems more than little flustered.
Sorry about springing that on you, but I figured it was best to just go with it. That would fool him and get him off your case.
Yeah, yeah. I mean, thanks. That, uh, yeah. I'm glad he's gone.
Ha! I'm glad he had the dignity to leave, instead of staying behind like a creep and trying to watch.
Yeah, that would've... would have been embarrassing.
Jessica's brow furrows slightly, the woman realizing that despite how she's trying to play it cool, Blake is quite flustered.
She's all red. I wonder if I looked that way yesterday in the park when Heather...
Jessica stops her thought, taking a deep breath.
I'm, uh. I'm gonna be late if I don't get going. Thanks for the coffee, Blake. See ya.
Yeah. Bye.
The pair wave goodbye to one another, Jessica hoping she didn't embarrass Blake too badly.
Strolling into the office, Jessica finds Rosa and Eve having a conversation at the junior reporter's desk.
Morning, ladies.
Bonjour, Jessica.
Hey, you're just in time. Duncan's waiting for us.
Oh? What's up.
Team meeting. Shall we?
Real quick, I wanted to show you something.
I picked this up on my way in. You actually gave me credit on the byline?
Really?
Rosa smiles and chuckles.
I hope I didn't overstep my bounds. I probably should have asked first, but I finished late and didn't want to bother you.
Oh, it's... not a problem. I actually really appreciate it, I'm just not sure I deserve it. All I did was tag along.
I really appreciated your help with that guy, and I wanted to thank you somehow.
Well, thank you, Rosa. That was really nice of you.
I suppose we shouldn't keep Duncan waiting any longer.
Sure. Just let me put my stuff away real quick.
Strolling into the office, Jessica finds Rosa and Eve having a conversation at the junior reporter's desk.
Morning, ladies.
Bonjour, Jessica.
Hey, you're just in time. Duncan's waiting for us.
Oh? What's up.
Team meeting. Shall we?
Sure. Just let me put my stuff away real quick.
The trio head into Duncan's office, Eve and Jessica taking a seat at his desk while Duncan offers Rosa his own chair.
Morning, ladies. Let's get down to business.
Rosa, that was one hell of an article you wrote up.
Thank you. I was rather proud of it.
You don't think, though, that us breaking this news about the bridge will have an effect on the stadium construction?
Rosa shakes her head.
No. It's different people working on different projects. It'll have embarrassed one group, but the others will ignore it.
You know, this article could have waited. If we broke it at the same time as we had a stadium story going, we could have linked the pair together.
Geez, Duncan's kind of demanding. Rosa wrote a great story. I would have thought he'd be happy.
I know, but they would've wasted all that money on the bridge. Public money. Now with everyone's eyes on them that won't happen.
Don't you worry, they'll waste it on something else.
Not if we are there to write about it.
Duncan sighs but nods, accepting Rosa's argument.
Eve, how's your investigation on the companies bidding on the stadium going?
I've hit quite a few walls. Everyone I tried to speak to involved with the companies stonewalled me.
Any idea why?
Eve nods.
I did quite a bit of digging, and found several connections between them. Suppliers, subcontractors, warehouses, etc.
So we might have been correct?
Oui. They may all be operating under one umbrella, trying to block any other competitors. But I have nothing concrete just yet.
Keep digging. Find me proof.
Eve nods as Duncan turns his attention to Jessica.
Alright, Jessica. Normally, I'd let a new reporter settle in a bit, but I need everyone digging right now.
So I'm going to throw you in with the sharks.
Oh my god, yes!
I'm ready, Duncan.
Good. Now, to say our relationship with City Hall is bad would be a gross understatement, particularly after Rosa's article in today's issue.
Rosa cracks a smile on her face. Jessica notices, but keeps her own expression neutral, her eyes focused on Duncan.
The Mayor in particular isn't very fond of us. At this point his office basically refuses to cooperate with us, and at times won't even take our calls.
We've rubbed him the wrong way a few times with our articles. Including one about how he was rubbing himself all over his secretary.
Rosa, can we focus?
Sorry, Duncan.
Anyway, with the paper under new ownership, we have a chance to create a new relationship with the Mayor's office. Basically start again, wipe away any old grudges, reconnect with the man.
I'm thinking a new face would get him to lower his guard, have him consider that our policies have changed.
We considered both you and Eve, but you actually look a lot like his daughter, Jessica.
We think it'll give you a decent chance to get under his skin.
Like I said, we're throwing you in the deep end with this one, and the sharks are always sniffing for blood.
I can handle it, Duncan. I appreciate your trust, and I won't let you down.
Good. Glad to hear it. Now, you have an interview scheduled for tomorrow morning, so you should get prepared today.
We'll send some pointers to your email, but the point of this first interview is just to introduce yourself to him, talk to him a bit about the upcoming elections.
Got it.
If you need any help with the article, just let me know. But since it's just a basic interview, you should be fine.
Pieces like this one practically write themselves.
I appreciate it, Rosa.
Duncan nods before heaving a sigh, his body slumping slightly where he sits, but only for a moment before he regains his composure.
Alright. Birch is still hounding me over this vigilante story, so I need a lead. Any lead at all. Right now we have jack squat.
We do know that the police have some security tapes showcasing this guy. I'd really like to get a hold of those if we can, take a look, see if there's anything we can use.
So, Jessica, since you thought this was worth pursuing, I'm giving this one to you.
Jessica blinks, surprised by Duncan's statement.
What... does he mean what I said at the conference two days ago?
I hope he's not holding that against me.
Got it.
Start with the 4th Precinct. That's where the tapes should be kept, given that most of this vigilante's activities have fallen into their jurisdiction.
Alright, who wants to head down to the 4th Precinct? That should be where the tapes are kept, given that most of the vigilante's activities have fallen into their jurisdiction.
I have a follow-up meeting today on the bridge story. There no way I can get down there.
The only meeting I've been able to get with one of the companies bidding on the stadium project is later today.
Duncan sighs, his eyes turning to Jessica.
Welp, sorry to say Ms. O'Neil, but you're getting quite a bit on your plate.
Not a problem. I can get it done.
Good. That's what I like to hear.
Well, I'm gonna be working hard all day, but all this should help me secure my job here. It's absolutely worth it.
Head over there after lunch, see if you can get access to those tapes.
I know it's a long shot. It'd be better if we had a contact inside the precinct who could just send them to us, but we'll have to make do. But give it your best try.
Yes, sir.
Alright, anything else we're forgetting? No? Alright, that's it. Thanks for your time, ladies.
Back at her desk, Jessica starts prepping for the interview the following day.
God, my heart's beating in my chest. I should calm down. It's just a simple interview, even if it is with the Mayor.
Still, this is a big goddamn deal. A connection with the Mayor could open so many doors, and could definitely secure my future here.
The vigilante stuff is kind of exciting, too. I'm curious to see what he's all about.
We need to find out SOMETHING about this guy. Anything, really.
I wonder what kind of man risks his life this way? Suicidal? Nah, probably not. Heroes want to save people, not get themselves killed.
We need to find out SOMETHING about this guy. Anything, really.
Still, if Mr. Birch insists we work this story, I can make the best out of it.
Maybe he's linked in some way to the latest crime wave, or has some sort of info on it we don't.
It's worth looking into at least.
This guy has to be a side effect of the bigger issues at play here. Issues we should be focusing on.
Still, if Mr. Birch insists we work this story, I can make the best out of it.
Maybe he's linked in some way to the police corruption. A former cop who's done with crooked officers, or maybe he can help us find out more about them.
It's worth looking into at least.
About half an hour later, Rosa returns with a young man in tow.
Eve, Jessica, this is Tommy Fitzgerald.
He's a senior at Ridgewood High, with an interest in studying journalism. He'll be helping at the paper for the next three days as part of his educational program.
Tommy, this is Jessica. She's new, just started here with us a few days ago.
Hello, Tommy. Nice to meet you.
Yeah. Nice to meet you.
He seems kind of shy. I guess it makes sense, given how young he is.
And this is Eve, also one of our new hires.
Hey.
Tommy turns to greet her, but Eve remains where she is.
Hello.
Jessica momentarily turns her eyes to Eve at the curt response.
Tommy, would you mind going to that office right there and getting those papers from Duncan I mentioned?
Sure thing.
Tommy heads off, and as soon as he opens the door Rosa whips around to face the ladies.
Look, I'm in a bit of a bind here. I COMPLETELY forgot that I was supposed to show him around today, but I have somewhere I need to be.
Can one of you, please, please, please help me out here and show him around?
You'd just need to show him what you do, give him a tour, tell him some basic stuff about journalism.
Eve quickly sighs, shaking her head.
I'm sorry, but I'm rather busy right now, to be honest. I've got so much to do.
I guess I can do it.
Oh, you're a lifesaver!
It shouldn't be hard. I'm good with kids.
Hey, he's not a kid. He's a young man, and he's here to learn something.
Sure. I'll keep that in mind.
Thanks, Jessica. I owe you one.
As soon as Rosa leaves, Eve sits back down at her desk.
Well, voila! The boy is all yours
You know, I've got a big workload too. You can't do something to help out? Show him around a bit too?
You're the one who said you're good with kids. Time to prove it.
Jessica sighs, shaking her head as the thought of preparing for the interview, trying to get the security tapes from the cops, and taking care of some high school kid suddenly began to weigh down on her.
Why did I agree to this? Jessica, you are way too eager to please.
She returns to her seat, Tommy wandering out of Duncan's office a few moments later.
Hey, Tommy. Rosa had to take off for a bit, so I'll be helping you out today.
Cool, cool.
Take a seat. Let's talk.
Okay.
So tell me about yourself.
Okay. Whaddya wanna know?
Well, how old are you?
I'm eighteen.
And you're a senior?
Yup.
Jesus Christ, and probably a virgin. He's so nervous, he looks like he's about to break out in a cold sweat. Loosen the hell up, kid.
Have you been interested in journalism for a while?
Oh yeah. I graduate in a few months, and I love solving mysteries. I've been writing for the school newspaper this entire year, and I wanna keep doing that sort of stuff when I graduate.
You like keeping people informed?
Yeah. Definitely. People have a right to know the truth. What better place to do it?
Another proud member of the fourth pillar.
Not yet, but I hope I can be one day.
He seems serious about it.
Alright, so, I have an interview with the Mayor I have to prepare for.
Wow, that's awesome!
Right? Let's see... ah!
These contracts need to be sorted. Would you mind putting these in order by the company listed at the top?
Sure thing.
The morning passes by fairly quietly, Jessica diligently preparing for her interview, Tommy silently sorting through the contracts behind her.
Eventually Jessica feels her stomach rumbling, desperate for the meal she passed on earlier... twice.
Oh, wow, am I hungry! Like a freaking wolf.
I could rip apart a hamburger right about now.
Tommy is suddenly out of his seat, standing over her with a goofy smile on his face.
I can go out and grab something for you. What do you want?
She says nothing for a moment, debating whether or not to taking him up on his offer.
That's not fair to him, having him run around doing all my errands. I am SOOOO hungry, though.
No, no, don't be a bitch.
Oh, no, that's okay. I can't make you do that.
Sea salad and a cold bottled water for me, dear.
Okay. What do you want, Jessica?
Ah. I guess I'll have a burger with a diet cola.
Jessica opens her purse and produces some cash, handing it to the boy.
Okay. I'll be back soon.
Okay. Thanks, Tommy.
No problem.
Seriously?
What?
We can't just use the kid like that. He's here to learn, not to serve us food.
Oh, that's what interns are for. Besides, he's the one who offered.
Jessica returns to her desk, rolling her eyes.
As Jessica waits for Tommy's return, her phone rings, the ID listing Heather as the caller.
Heather! Hey! How's it going?
I can't complain. Well, I mean, I can, but I'm super busy, so I'll tell you about it all later.
Anyway, I'm just calling to make sure we're still on for tonight.
Definitely. Eight-ish?
Sounds great! We'll do it at my place. Christian's an amazing cook! You'll love his cooking!
Awesome. I'll see you tonight, Heather.
Bye!
Okay, now I'm REALLY hungry! Tommy, come back soon.
Tommy returns a short while later, food in tow. The three sit at their desks, Eve and Jessica chatting back and forth while the young man stays fairly quiet.
Eventually, once Jessica finishes her meal, she starts getting her things ready to go.
Alright. I'm gonna head down to the precinct. Hopefully I can get a look at that security footage.
If not then at least I can make some contacts there to help out in the future.
It would be useful for sure.
Any chance you can help out Tommy while he's here?
Eve shakes her head.
Unfortunately, I must head out as well. As I said, this is the only meeting with any of the construction companies I've been able to arrange.
Okay, I have to head down to the police station. Eve, I'll need you to help him out while he's here.
Eve shrugs.
Unfortunately, I must head out as well. As I said, this is the only meeting with any of the construction companies I've been able to arrange.
Ah, okay. Let's see.
Well, Tommy, it's up to you. You can stay here and finish with those documents, or you can come down to the police station with me. Whichever you prefer.
But you'd have to wait outside while I talk to someone.
I think I'll go. I've never been to a police station before.
Jessica smiles, pleased to see the kid has some willingness to do some leg work.
Okay. Just let me get my things together and we can go.
The pair start toward the door, Jessica intending to let Duncan know she's heading to the station when he comes strolling toward her.
Oh, hey. I was just coming to tell you I'm on my way to the precinct.
I was coming to find you too. I'm glad I caught you before you headed out.
I found a guy who might be able to help. His name's Dennis Smith. Low level, but he's a good guy and may have some information.
He'll be at reception. Introduce yourself to him, and see if he can help you out.
Does he know I'm coming down?
Yeah, but be discreet. Best for everyone if this stays low-key.
Duncan's eyes drift over the young man at her side.
Wasn't Rosa supposed to be with you?
She had to run out earlier. I've been helping Tommy here, and he's gonna come with me down to the station.
Before you say anything, yes, he'll stay outside. I know they won't give me anything if there's someone else with me.
Ah. Alright, fine. Good luck, Jessica. I'll see you in a bit.
So how far is this place?
Not far. Just a few blocks away. With this traffic, we'll be there in... ten minutes.
On... on that?
Hmm? Yeah. This is my bike.
Oh.
Hehe. What? You think a woman can't ride a moped?
No, it's not that... I just...
Anyway, wear this?
Your helmet?
Yeah. I only have the one.
Well, I'm a guy, so you should be the one to wear it.
Jessica scoffs, fixing the boy with a glare.
Oh, come on. It doesn't matter, does it? Young, old. Men are always the same.
Well, I may be a girl, but it's my ride, so I determine who wears the helmet. Now put it on.
Um. Alright.
Tommy climbs on the back, trying to steady himself and unsure where to put his hands.
Wrap your hands around my waist. And you're too far back. Push up and hold me tight so you don't fall off.
Like... that?
Perfect. Here we go.
Kid's trying to hide it, but he's clearly nervous. I'll need to see if I can get him to relax.
After a short ride the two of them arrive at the police station.
Okay, here we are.
Just stay by the Vespa, and I'll be back in a bit. Make sure no one steals it!
Tommy looks around, brow furrowed in confusion.
What?! Here, in front of the police?
It was a joke, Tommy. Lighten up.
Boy, that kid needs to relax.
Ah, okay. Good luck.
Well, there's only one guy here. Let's see what his nametag says.
Ah, Smith. Perfect.
Jessica approaches the young man with a warm smile.
Hello there.
Good afternoon, ma'am. How can I help you?
My name is Jessica O'Neil. I'm with the New Port Gazette.
The man's expression becomes more serious as he moves closer to Jessica, his voice growing quieter.
So here's the deal. The evidence Mr. Adams asked for is filed in the evidence room.
There's no way I can get you into the evidence room, or get it out of there. We'd both be arrested.
But since it's video evidence, they'll have made copies of everything, and have them in the security room.
Is there any way you can get me a copy of those files?
No. I could get in big trouble if I start asking around for something like that. I can get you into the security room, though.
You expect me to just take it from there.
Hell no. But the officer there might be willing to help you out. It's pretty much the only way you're gonna get the files.
Okay. It's worth a shot.
The officer walks over to a nearby door, unlocking it and motioning Jessica through.
Up the stairs on your left, room 202.
Thanks, Dennis. I owe you one.
Well, let's hope there's a man in that room and not a woman. If it is, I can hopefully turn on the charm and get what I want.
Jessica only sees one man on her way upstairs, and utilizes some old advice she once heard, acting as if she has every right to be where she is.
The officer passes her by without notice, clearly assuming she's authorized for the second level.
It's lucky the place is basically empty right now. That makes this a lot easier.
Here we are. Room 202. Let's see who's inside.
Within, Jessica finds a darkened room illuminated mainly by a bank of monitors.
A single male officer with the name Donovan on his chest stands as she enters, brow furrowed in confusion.
Can I help you?
Hello, Officer Donovan. My name is Jessica, I'm a reporter with the New Port Gazette, and I was hoping you could help me.
I don't know how you got in here, but this area's restricted. You need to leave.
Jessica makes puppy dog eyes at the officer, does her best nonchalant pout, and hopes he is the kind of man who can be swayed by the helpless woman act.
Please, officer. I really need someone for this, and several of your colleagues I spoke to said you were the expert I needed to find.
The man's demeanor softens, though he doesn't immediately bite.
Which colleagues?
She giggles and shrugs.
Well, come on, I'm a journalist. I have to be discrete. I can't reveal my sources.
The man opens his mouth to speak further, only to have Jessica cut him off.
Do you mind if I take my jacket off? It's kind of hot in here?
Before he can answer, Jessica reaches up and begins unbuttoning her jacket, slowly pulling it off, swaying her hips to the side, and shoving her chest forward.
Um...
The man's voice is caught, his eyes gazing intently at her large breasts.
There's um, a lot of electronics in here...
I need to keep going. My tits aren't going to hypnotize him forever.
The woman moves closer, locking her eyes with his, though his gaze remains on her chest.
Please, Officer Donovan. I'm desperate here. Can you help a girl in need? You're my last hope.
Geez, he can't even take his damn eyes off my boobs. This should be easy.
The man seems to recover, taking a sudden, almost defensive step backwards.
Okay. Let's see if his ego likes to get stroked.
This is... a lot of computer stuff. You operate all this on your own?
Uh, yeah. Yeah, I work this place pretty much solo.
I don't know how you do it. I can't even get my laptop to work most of the time.
Um... what exactly is it you need help with?
Okay, I um... My boss has given me an ultimatum. My job's on the line here. I have to write an article on the vigilante, and I've got nothing to go on.
I know you have some footage here, and I was hoping I could take a look at it.
A smirk comes over the man's face, his eyes continuously flitting down to Jessica's body.
Well, I don't know, miss. I mean, it's a little risky to me.
Those tapes are only for police eyes. I proooobably shouldn't do it.
Despite his protests, his smile and the fact that he couldn't stop sneaking glances at her tits tells Jessica everything she needs to know.
Oh good. He's just as perverted as I'd hoped for.
Thanks, Don. You're a lifesaver!
Okay, listen. Why... why don't you take a seat?
Um, okay.
Just sit and hear me out.
Jessica leans into the officer as he sits, planting her hands gently on his shoulders.
Alright.
Okay, we're back on track.
Officer Donovan, all I would need is you to watch. You're the police, after all. And I'd just be here, getting a peek from behind.
She makes a point of sliding her chest against the back of his neck for emphasis.
Would that be okay?
Uh... yeah. I... I don't think I should, but... yeah. Okay.
The man's hands fly across the keyboard before he begins clicking through folders, eventually arriving on one with more than a dozen video files.
Are all those the video files of the vigilante?
Possibly. They're security footage of areas near where he was sighted. The investigators have to look through them all.
Damn. I'd hoped it would be one file I could look at.
Do you have one that definitely has him in it?
The woman presses her breasts forward, attempting to keep control of the guy.
I don't know. I haven't looked at them, and I don't know what the investigators found.
But... we can just watch them ourselves, yeah? I can speed through them and just look for a sighting of him.
Let's start with the warehouse he was last seen in.
The officer starts the video file, skipping ahead to a group of men loading a van.
Are those men wearing masks?
Yeah. A group of gang members we found beaten and tied up inside. Triad members.
The Triads are operating in New Port? I had no idea.
From the side emerges a figure dressed in all black and wearing some sort of headgear, rapidly taking down a gangster who'd been standing guard.
Mere seconds later he's among those loading the van, fists and a baseball bat flying and smashing the gang members about.
As Jessica watches intently, the vigilante enters the building, flashes of what looks like gunfire erupting from within.
Do you have video from inside?
Nah. They disabled that feed before they got there.
Can you go back to just before the guy appears on the corner? Yeah, there. Do you have any shots from that side of the building?
Let's see...
The officer starts searching through the files, opening some of them to get a better look.
How do you think the guy managed to arrive there before you guys?
I don't know, maybe he had some inside information.
Do you think he listens to the police radio channels?
That wouldn't have been of much use in this case, the 911 call came after he had left.
There it is, a nearby street camera.
Can you sync up those two angles, showing us the side of the building when he appears?
No problem.
Syncing up the footage, the pair watch as the men once again begin loading the van, a motorbike soon passing by the street camera.
That could be him!
Maybe.
The officer pauses both feeds, giving them a decent look at the passing bike.
Black bike, black clothes, no plates. I'd say that's probably him.
That's something. Maybe if I look carefully I could find out more. Is there any way you could make me a copy of this?
The woman once again presses her breasts forward into the man's neck, although he remains reticent.
There are security logs, they'll show what goes in and out. If someone takes a look… I really shouldn't do it...
He wants to help. I can feel it. Damn it, just a bit more, and I bet I can convince him to give me a copy.
Maybe… if I let him touch my tits...
That will push him over the edge, but... I think this might be going too far.
I think this has gone too far already. Besides, I've got something to work with, even without the footage.
Let's at least try and get a photo of this. I'll never be able to find this bike just by memory.
Jessica quickly takes her phone out and snaps a picture of the screens in front of her.
Taking a few steps back, Jessica sighs.
Okay. I think I have what I need. Thank you so much, Officer. You've really saved my ass here.
The man nods, though his hands are covering his obvious erection.
Yeah, you should probably go. Hey, make sure you don't mention my name or where you got this info from, okay?
Don't worry, I know how to be discreet. Thanks again.
I want these files. If I can get my hands on them, I'll make Mr. Birch very happy.
Alright, let's see if he'll say no to this.
Jessica steps to the man's side, practically shoving her tits in his face.
Oh, come on. Surely an expert like you could find a way to copy those files discreetly?
I promise, I won't publish any of the footage. I just want to analyze them.
His eyes are on my breasts, just where I want them. Keep ogling, baby.
Well... I... I think if I reboot the system, that would give us some time without any logs.
Jessica fixes the man with a seductive smile, pulling a flash drive out of her pocket.
I would be so grateful if you would, Officer.
His eyes stay fixed on her chest as he starts typing.
Just plug it into the USB port there.
Leaning forward to plug in the drive, Jessica soon feels the man's hand caressing her hanging bosom.
Well, that didn't take long.
She inserts the drive, the man's left hand starting the data transfer while his right continues to massage her breast.
Okay, I just need this to finish, and I can go.
Thankfully, he's not too bad with his hands. That feels kinda nice.
The woman watches the progress bar filling up, each bar bringing her one step closer to getting her the story she needs.
She takes a seat on the armrest, giving the man a slight moan.
Let's just keep him happy while the computer does its thing.
What do you think? Do I have a nice chest?
A huge smile covers the man's face, all his worries clearly having vanished.
Oh yeah. They are gorgeous!
I'm so happy you like them.
Keep your eyes on the bouncing tits, Don. Don't think about how illegal all this is.
You don't mind if I... take a peek, do you?
Whatever keeps your mind on my boobs.
Jessica gives him a playful giggle.
Go right ahead, sweetie.
Damn, baby! You've got it going on!
Wow, he's getting bolder by the second. Come on, computer. Give me those sweet, sweet files!
The man's finger pulls her shirt down, fully revealing her left breast, only her pretty pink bra keeping him from her nipples.
Goddamnit! If this goes any further, he's gonna end up sucking on my tit. Maybe... no, no. Come on, computer!
I can feel his breath on my chest, and he's playing with my boob now. God, he's about to do it!
Much to the woman's relief, the transfer completes, and as soon as its done she snatches up the drive and stands up.
Putting her shirt back in place, Jessica gives the flustered officer a smile.
Thanks so much, Officer! You saved my life with this! My boss is gonna be really happy!
Huh? But...
Well, he's clearly unhappy. I almost feel bad for him, and those poor blue balls of his.
The officer regains his composure, though, and nods to the woman.
Uh, yeah. Yeah, no problem. Look, this needs to stay between us, okay? No one can know what went on in here.
And none of that footage can get out! You can't publish any of it, only watch it, okay?! I could get in big trouble if they found out, and I'd have to finger you as the one who took it.
No worries. I know how to be discreet. I'm just going to watch it for clues.
The man nods, though he remains flustered, his erection unsatisfied.
Thanks again, Officer! You're a godsend!
Jessica headed back out, quick as she could while remaining nonchalant.
Ms. O'Neil. Everything go smoothly?
Perfectly.
Haha. I hadn't expected anything else from one of Mr. Adams' people. You take care now.
You too, Officer. Thanks again.
Tommy!
Oh, hey, Jessica. How'd it go?
Fantastic! I've got copies of the footage we need. We'll analyze it carefully at the office.
Great! I got a look at the footage and even managed to snap a photo. It's not a big lead, but it should be enough to start.
That's great! How did you manage to convince them to let you take a look?
Jessica gives the boy a warm smile.
I'm a very persuasive girl.
That's incredible! I hope when I'm a reporter, I can do the same thing.
HA! You don't quite have the tits for it, Tommy.
I'm sure you'll find your own way to be very persuasive, Tommy. Come on. Time to get back.
Duncan's door is open when she returns, though Jessica knocks anyway to announce her entrance.
Jessica, good. Come on in. Tell me how it went.
Better than I expected. Smith got me into the security room and the officer there showed got me the video files.
Duncan leans forward, his eyes locked with hers.
Yeah? What'd you find out?
I got a look at him pummeling a group of Triad gangsters loading a van at a warehouse.
Triad?!
That's what the officer said, though they could have been anyone beneath their masks.
And I got all the security footage the cops had.
That's fantastic! You did not disappoint, Ms. O'Neil.
While I didn't get a great look at the guy, I did see him pummel a group of Triad gangsters loading a van at a warehouse.
Triad!?
That's what the officer said, though they could have been anyone beneath their masks.
We won't be able to print that without verification, but it's good to know. What else?
Upload all the files to the server. We'll dig through them tomorrow in detail and see what we can use.
I did tell the officer we wouldn't publish anything.
Hmm. I understand, but Mr. Birch won't like that. Publishing pictures of the vigilante would be gold.
There wasn't any other way to get them.
Yeah. Better to keep it to ourselves than burn a potential contact.
You did a fantastic job, Jessica. You're gonna do great here. We'll discuss this story more tomorrow.
Our vigilante's riding around on a black motorbike with no plates.
That's not much to go on.
It's something. If we can trace that bike, we can find the guy who rides it. At the very least we know what to look for in the future.
I don't suppose you managed to get a copy of the security footage, did you?
Sorry, no. I barely managed to convince the officer to show them to me. But I snapped a photo of the bike.
Well, it should do. Good job, Jessica. We'll discuss this more tomorrow.
Jessica spends the remainder of her day watching the security footage, hoping to see something more.
Well, Mr. Vigilante, you have just made my day. Now who are you, and what makes you go out and beat up gangsters?
If I can find your bike, I bet I can find you. Then you can answer all my questions yourself.
Hmm, I'll take a loot at the photo when I'm back home and see if I can find out the model of the bike he uses.
But for now, I'll focus on the mayor.
Jessica continues her preparation, digging up all she can about Mayor Wilson.
The guy is dirty and it's a public knowledge. Does he really hope he can win the elections again?
As the workday winds down, Jessica grabs her jacket and purse, ready to head off.
On her way out, she says goodbye to Eve and meets up with Tommy.
I'm nearly done with those contracts you asked me to sort.
Oh, you can finish those tomorrow, Tommy. Why don't you head on home?
Okay. I'll see you tomorrow.
Bye!
The pair wave, Jessica pleased to see that the boy's relaxed a bit.
Back at home, Jessica takes a look at her phone, wondering when her boyfriend will be showing up.
Hmm. Looks like I got home a little early. I've got a bit before Conner gets back.
Oh, dammit! I forgot the newspaper I got from Mr. Parker at work. I wanted to show it to Conner.
Oh well. He'll see it tomorrow.
Changing into something more comfortable, Jessica lounges in front of her computer, continuing to watch the footage of the vigilante.
There's got to be another angle I can see. Another bit of footage that will show me this guy.
She pauses on the shot of the bike, staring at it intently.
She starts searching online until she finds a perfect match for the type of motorcycle the vigilante uses.
Changing into something more comfortable, Jessica lounges in front of her computer, staring at the picture she took with her phone.
She starts searching online until she finds one that she thinks looks like a perfect match for the type of motorcycle the vigilante uses.
Eventually she finds some info on the bike, wondering if there's anything she can use.
There's got to be a way to find this bike. There can't be that many of them in New Port.
Jessica smiles when she hears the door opening, Conner rounding the corner a moment later.
Hey, baby. How's it going?
Hey, sweetie. It's good to have you home.
Conner leans down and plants a kiss on her lips, his head soon turning to the screen and smiling at the bike.
Shopping for a new bike, baby? I thought you liked your scooter?
Jessica chuckles and rubs Conner's arm.
Nah. I tend to get fond of the things I've had around for a while.
Well, that makes me feel good.
So, what are you working on?
Jessica switches to the paused video she was watching.
This... is the vigilante. I managed to get a hold of some security footage that captured him just before he beat the hell out of group of gangsters.
Really? How'd you swing that?
Jessica bobs her head, smirking.
You really don't want to know, baby.
I have my ways... and my boss has contacts in the police. Anyway, I'm looking through to see if I can spot anything that could help me locate him.
I think that I can maybe track down this bike.
This... is the bike the vigilante is riding around on.
Huh?
Yeah. My boss has me looking into him, and the police managed to get a shot of him riding this bike. Well, this model.
Really? Anything else you found out about him?
Not yet, but I'm sure I can track him down based on this bike.
Are you sure that's a good idea? I mean, he probably doesn't want to be found. And he's kind of dangerous, isn't he?
Hmm, he has a point. Still, I don't think he'd hurt me.
Well, I wouldn't expose him. I just want an interview.
But if he doesn't want to be found, how are you going to make him give you an interview.
I know I could convince him!
So your plan is to track down a man who beats people up at night and force him to talk to you?
Well, I wouldn't force him. Just convince him to tell me his story.
And I have to track him down to find out who he is. It's not like he left a number for us to call.
There's no point in telling you to be careful, right?
None that I know of.
Conner sighs in exasperation, giving her a quick kiss.
Well, I need a shower.
As Conner gets cleaned up, Jessica begins getting ready for dinner, doing her nails.
Damn. I should have asked Heather earlier what to wear. I assume it'll be pretty casual. Hopefully I'm not wrong.
I wonder what Heather will be wearing. Maybe something that shows off some skin?
I wouldn't mind seeing her in something slinky and form-fitting.
A few minutes after she finishes Conner emerges, throwing himself on top of Jessica.
I missed you all day, baby.
Wha-?
Come on. We've got some time before dinner. What do you say we finish what we started earlier?
Hey, hey, hey! Get off! My nails aren't dry yet!
Conner laughs, but he gets off, sitting down beside her.
Okay, I'm off. Quit kicking me.
I'm not kicking you. I'm pushing you. Hey, what do you think?
Well, I'm not much of a foot-fetish man, but they do look good.
She chuckles.
Ass. I'm talking about the nails. You like the color?
Conner grins and takes her foot in his hand, thumb pressing into the bottom.
I do. It's good.
Ah. Oh. That's nice. Keep doing that.
So, how'd your day go?
Eh. Can't complain. The same that it's been the past few. Lots of paperwork, talking to the people that come in and try to match them up with available jobs.
I'm so proud of you, baby. You're doing great work.
I hope so. Of course, you're doing pretty good work yourself, sweetie.
I meant to show you, but I forgot the paper at work. I got my name in the byline of that article Rosa wrote.
No kidding?
Yeah. She gave me credit, even though I just really followed her around.
You're already making waves, baby.
It's nice. I hadn't thought things would go this well this quickly.
After a few minutes of moaning softly, Jessica's foot moves over Conner's crotch.
Whoa. I thought you weren't in the mood?
No. I just didn't want you to ruin my nails.
Hehe. You sure? After this morning and the LONG day I've had, I've got some frustration to work through. You're playing with fire, sweetie.
Ooh. Don't worry, baby. I'm not afraid of getting burned.
Besides, I think I've earned a little something after getting my name in the paper.
Oh yeah? How 'bout this? You like that?
Conner leans in above Jessica, his forearm rubbing against her panties, teasing the woman.
Oh yeah. I like that.
Oh, that's nice. That feels really good. Mmm, I love when I can feel his breath blowing over my face.
Oh, that feels so good.
Jessica begins slowly sliding her hips up and down, rubbing her eager womanhood along his forearm. After a few moments, she tries to pull his hand up.
Come on. I want to feel you inside me.
Well, we have twenty minutes to ourselves before the dinner. I wonder how we could spend that time?
Hehe. I have a few ideas. Baby, you have no idea how much I need this right now.
Suddenly, the man stands up, leaving a flustered Jessica lying on the couch.
Well, you're a big girl. I'm sure you can take care of it. I've got to get dressed.
Jessica simply stares at the man as he goes, confused and horny until her mind finally begins to clear, and she realizes what he's done.
You little ass. Getting back at me for this morning?
She laughs, calling out after him.
I see what you did there, buddy. If you think you're going to win this game, you're sorely mistaken!
Conner simply chuckles in response.
I was in the Army, baby. Keeping it in check was something we got good at.
She pouts as he disappears into the bedroom.
Goddamnit. He's probably right. And I really wanted a good dicking, too.
The pair dress, Jessica turning back and forth in the mirror to make sure everything looks fine.
Hmm. I see you there.
Hehe. What?
I see you checking out my ass. What, is my little soldier boy at attention again?
One, he's not little.
No, he's not.
And two, yeah, he's ready to come to attention.
Well, let's see how he feels after dinner, shall we?
A few minutes later the pair arrive at their neighbors' apartment, greeted by Christian.
Hey! What's up, you two?!
Evening!
Hey!
Come on in. Make yourselves at home.
Baby?!
Heather's muffled voice drifts down the hall.
Is that them?!
Yeah, babe!
Send Jessica in here!
Uh, guess my wife needs some help getting ready. Do you mind?
Not at all. Down on the left?
Yeah. Come on, Conner. I'll get us some drinks while we wait.
Now you're talkin'!
Jessica knocks on the bedroom door.
Are you decent?
Yeah. Come on in.
Hey, Heath... oh.
Hey. Close the door and come on over.
Oookay, you're... basically naked.
And... goddamn, woman. Your ass is perfect.
Um... your bedroom's... really nice. Nice and big.
Thanks. Have you not been in here before?
That's a strange thing to ask. You'd think she'd remember if I've been in her bedroom or not.
Uh, no. No, I haven't.
Oh, we'll have to fix that. I'd like to see you in my bedroom more often.
Hahaha. You're so naughty, sometimes.
Well, that's how I usually am in here.
Heather laughs, Jessica joining in the laugh while blushing.
She's in a funny mood.
Hey, would you mind getting my dress out of the closet there?
It's the tan and gray number.
This one?
That's the one.
It's beautiful. And it's so soft! I'm a little jealous. This is really nice.
Oh, thank you.
Wow. You really have nice taste. All your clothes are beautiful.
I kind of wish this was my closet.
Heather gives a chuckle, heading over and slipping the dress over her head, sliding it down into position.
Would you mind zipping me up?
Sure.
This woman is so freaking gorgeous. Her back is amazing, and her skin is so soft.
And I'd kill to have her hair.
Thanks.
Heather slips on her sandals before turning to Jessica and striking a pose.
So... what do think? How do I look?
Incredible.
Aw, thank you.
I feel a little underdressed now, though.
I love your outfit! It's so cute! It suits you so perfectly!
Right. Cute.
But you know what? I have something for you I think you'll like.
You mean a dress?
It was a gift from a friend, but I can't fill it properly. I bet you can, though.
As Heather roots through her closet, Jessica turns around and spots the sensual photo of Heather and Christian on the wall.
Oh my god. Is that... is that Heather and Christian naked?
That's incredible. It must have been so exciting to pose nude like that.
Heather sidles up to her friend, following her eyes.
You like it?
It's incredible. You two... your bodies are unbelievable.
Or, you're sweet. We had fun with that picture. A friend of mine shot us together, set up the shoot and everything. She does good work.
If you wanted to do something like that, I can put you in touch with her.
I, uh... I don't think I'd have the guts to go through with something like that, let alone hang it in my home. If anyone saw it, I'd die of shame.
Not that I have a problem with yours, or anything. I just couldn't do it.
You totally should, though. It's such a rush. You feel tingly the entire time.
I'll give you her number and email. If you ever change your mind, you'll have her info.
Anyway, come on. I found the dress.
Just try it on and see what you think.
What? Here? Right now?
Of course.
Here. Let's get this shirt off.
Jessica feels the other woman's fingers brushing lightly over her skin as she lift the shirt away.
Wow. That feels REALLY nice.
But… is she intentionally touching me like that?
Jessica gives out a gasp as she then feels Heather pulling her shirt toward her breasts.
Uh... I don't have a bra on.
No big, you won't need one for the dress.
That's... not what I meant.
Hehe. Don't worry. I won't tell anyone.
Discarding the shirt, Heather then begins sliding Jessica's pants down as well.
Why are you taking my pants off?
You won't need these for the dress either.
Jessica grows slightly more rigid as she feels Heather's body so close to her own, along with the woman's warm breath on her neck.
Why am I so turned on? I can feel my nipples getting hard.
Jessica accidentally releases a small moan as her eyes close, savoring the pleasure of the other woman's touch.
Heather gives out a hum of satisfaction before encircling Jessica with her arms. Her hands begin slowly rubbing gently circles over Jessica's tummy, occasionally brushing slightly lower.
For several long moments, silence pervades, the only noise that of fingers gently caressing flesh.
Does that feel nice?
Heather speaks softly, directly into Jessica's ear. The blonde woman releases a shuddering gasp, nodding slightly.
Yeah. It's... really nice.
Much to Jessica's shock, Heather's hand dips even lower, sliding just inside her panties, almost reaching her aching sex.
Oh my god! Are we actually doing this!?
I have no idea what I'm doing anymore, but I know this isn't a good time. The guys are just outside.
Um. Ahem. That's... that's really nice, but I, uh, I think the guys are waiting for us.
Jessica's hand comes down, covering Heather's hand and stopping it from descending any further. Heather sighs, but withdraws her hand.
Yeah, you're right. We should get out there.
Jessica puts on the proffered dress, turning to face the older woman.
Well, how do I look?
Perfect, Jess. Like a Barbie doll.
I... have no idea how to take that. I have no idea how to take any of her compliments anymore.
Hehe.
The pair exit the bedroom together, the men turning to admire the lovely ladies as they enter the kitchen.
Ladies, you look stunning.
Indeed.
Why don't you guys have a seat? We'll get everything set.
Would you like some help?
Oh, don't worry about it, sweetie. We've got it. You two just get comfy.
As Christian and Heather head to the kitchen, Conner pulls out Jessica's chair.
Thanks, baby.
No problem.
Conner then takes his seat, the pair sharing a quick kiss before Heather arrives with their meals.
The group dives into their meal, chatting back and forth as they eat.
Heather in particular talks for some time about her work.
Never believe the court dramas. Trials are dry, booooring affairs.
Do you end up in there a lot?
Less than you'd think. The vast majority of cases are settled out of court.
And even then, my job is mostly research. I read so much I've decided I hate books.
Most people who read a lot love books.
Most readers don't have to find legal defenses for brutal thugs in their books.
But what about you two? Your jobs must be interesting.
Not really. My day mostly consists of paperwork.
There's got to be more to it than that.
Well, I help out where I can. It's pretty chaotic, but I'm glad I'm there. A lot of soldiers have trouble finding work, and I've found work finding them work.
It ain't half bad.
That's great. Finding satisfaction in your job is important.
I like to think so.
What about you, Jessica? How are things at your new job?
Um… far better than I'd expected, honestly. Things have been crazy. Let's see.
I helped my co-worker uncover some details on a story, and I got my name on the article's byline.
That's fantastic!
And I got a few interesting assignments today.
I'm actually interviewing the Mayor tomorrow.
Wow, really!?
You are? You didn't mention that earlier.
Sorry. I just got wrapped up in the other stuff.
Is there more?
Oh, I've also been looking into that vigilante.
Oh my god, that's so cool! What've you found out!?
Not much. Yet, anyway. He wears black, drives a motorcycle, and beats the ever-loving hell out of gangsters with his fists.
Well, if you ever find out who this guy is and he needs a lawyer, give him the number to my firm.
I think if the guy needs a lawyer he'll probably be sitting in jail already… or a hospital.
All the more reason he should have our number on hand.
I'll keep that in mind.
How long have you been working for this paper, Jess?
Today was my third day.
Damn. How the hell did you pull that off?
That's my girl. Naturally good at everything she does.
I wish that was true. I just got lucky, I guess.
But here's hoping it keeps going. It is a newspaper, and print media's not exactly the most stable business right now.
Well, if there's ever anything I can do to help you out with anything, Jessica, you just let me know.
Thanks, Heather. I appreciate that.
After dinner, the couples spends some time on the couch chatting.
So you drove a hundred miles out of your way to get that guy home?
Yep. Yep, he did.
Jessica gives Conner a sly smile, squeezing his leg.
So, Heather, Christian, why don't you two quickly change the topic and tell us what you've been up to lately?
Not much. Mostly just work, gym, sex.
Yep. Lots of sex.
Wow. These two aren't bashful about anything, are they?
Oh, that's... nice.
Nice is a word for it. Great is another.
Yeah. We both get cranky if a night goes by without sex.
Seriously. I'd complain about this one's libido if mine wasn't just as high.
Really? That often?
Oh, you have no idea.
Jessica tries not to blush as Heather's eyes met her own.
No kidding. I wonder what Conner would think if he'd come in to the bedroom earlier and found me naked with Heather feeling me up.
He'd have been turned on, probably.
Yeah. We got in a quickie before y'all came over.
We could have, too, Conner, if someone hadn't been just a little vindictive.
I have no idea what you're talking about.
A healthy sex life is one of the keys to a good relationship.
And based on how happy Jessica seems, I'm pretty sure you two have a great one.
Heather!
Oh, come on! It's good to express yourself.
For instance, Christian here has the most beautiful dick I've ever seen in my life.
And she loves it.
You know I do, baby.
As the amorous pair share a quick kiss, Jessica and Conner simply sit quietly, unsure of how to react to the very open couple.
After another minute or so of awkward conversation, Christian offers Conner a drink.
A gift from a colleague. Aged whiskey, some of the best I've ever had.
Sure. I don't know that much about whiskey, but I'll give it a try.
After the men head off, Heather moves closer to Jessica, speaking softly to the young woman.
So, did you convince Conner to try using his tongue more often?
Not yet. I haven't exactly had the chance. Maybe I'll try it tonight, though. I'm, uh... feeling in the mood.
Go with that. Give it a try. You'll love it.
I think I will.
Then tell me everything. I want to know what Conner's like with his tongue.
And, you know, if he's a little rough around the edges, I can always show you how it's done.
Heather briefly flicks out her tongue for emphasis.
Oh my god, you're so bad!
Yeah, but you like it.
Heather's hand moves further up Jessica's leg, pushing her skirt up just a little bit, fingertips brushing oh-so-nicely along her skin.
You know, the guys are right there.
They're not paying attention. And do you think they'd mind if they saw?
Jessica sighs, a warmth filling her chest at the sight of Heather so very close, the woman's warm breath blowing over her own lips.
This woman's touch... it's driving me wild, just like earlier. It's so invigorating, so tantalizing.
How is it that another woman can do this to me?
No, they wouldn't mind. Let's, uh... let's discuss this another time.
Jessica starts to stand, but lets her lips linger near Heather's, her hand gently brushing the other woman's fingers.
The message is clear, and Heather gives her a warm smile in return.
After the men head off, Heather moves closer to Jessica.
So what happened earlier with Conner being vindictive?
Oh, he just wouldn't take no for an answer this morning, so I got him going then left him holding his dick... literally.
Oh my god! That's so bad!
Well, then he did the same thing to me just before we came over. And after the long day I'd had, I was really in the mood, too.
You should just have sex when you're in the mood, both of you. Trust me, you'll be so much happier.
That whole battle of the sexes thing just creates more stress than its worth.
So you two just screw whenever one of you wants it? No matter what's going on?
Yeah. Pretty much. Believe me, after all this sex talk, we'll be doing it after you two leave.
I can't say I'm surprised in the slightest.
Thanks for the dress, Heather. I'll get it back to you tomorrow.
Oh, sweetie, please. Keep it. It looks so much better on you than on me, anyway. Doesn't she look gorgeous, Conner?
That she does. My gorgeous little flower.
Oh, this one's got the tongue of a poet.
And I hope his tongue can do even more than that.
Thanks so much, Heather. Bye Christian! You have a good night!
Back in their own home, the pair begin to settle in for the evening.
Oh, that was fun. They're such a cute couple.
It's amazing how open they are, though. You should have seen the photo of the two of them in their bedroom.
Yeah. They are a cute couple.
Everything alright, baby?
Oh, yeah. It's fine. I mean, I really like both of them, just, uh...
What? What is it?
So... when we went off for that whiskey... Christian asked me... if I thought Heather was hot.
Is that a problem? I'm sure he's proud as hell of how hot his wife is.
That's not something a man asks people. We don't go around soliciting opinions on how hot our wives are, or girlfriends.
I think you're reading too much into it.
Conner shakes his head, unconvinced.
I don't know. It was just... weird.
Jessica decides to drop the issue, reaching up to take off her dress.
Oh. Oh crap.
What?
I forgot my phone over at their place. I left it on the dinner table.
Well, they're probably still up. I'll head over real quick.
Oh, don't worry about it, sweetie. I'll run over real quick and grab it. Be right back.
Jessica receives no response from her knocking. After a few seconds she tries again.
The music they put on is probably disguising my knock.
Oh, I hate to just let myself in, but I really need my phone.
Trying the door knob, Jessica finds it unlocked. Pushing it open just slightly, she slips inside.
Let me just call out so they know I'm... oh. Oh my.
Jessica immediately spies Heather sitting on the sofa, the ginger's mouth open in a constant moan.
Kneeling between his wife's splayed legs is Christian, eating out the beautiful redhead.
Oh god, Christian! That's so good! Keep going, baby!
Shocked and embarrassed, Jessica quickly hides herself, hoping she hasn't disturbed them.
Oh my god! I didn't mean to interrupt them like this!
Aw, and there's my phone. Right there on the table.
I can't get it, though. Not without them seeing me.
Shit! I need my phone. Maybe I should just go back out and knock again, or come back later.
Jessica makes no move to leave, though, instead peeking out to watch the erotic scene playing out before her.
Wow, this is super hot. I can only imagine what that must feel like. Heather's clearly having fun. Christian must be really good.
I wonder what it would feel like to have Conner's tongue on me like that?
For that matter, I wonder what it would feel like to have Heather's tongue on me like that?
Christian's hand soon moves up, pushing his wife's bra upward, his hand caressing her soft bosom. The man moans in pleasure as he continues to work his tongue along her sex.
That's so hot. I wonder what his hands feel like. God, now I want Conner to touch me like that.
Oh, baby, that's so good. Keep it up. I'm almost there.
Christian says nothing, simply continuing on with his task.
God, why haven't we tried this yet? It looks incredible. Oh my god, I want a tongue on my pussy right now!
Jessica's hand descends to her nethers, gently caressing her tingling sex through her skirt as Heather's voice grows louder and louder, her moment of climax approaching.
The young woman can already feel her juices starting to flow and dampen her panties.
A moment later, Heather tenses, her cries reaching their crescendo as she cums.
Jessica's hand continues to rub herself as she watches, the woman driven wild by the sight of the pair's coupling.
Christian rises up a moment later, licking his lips before leaning it to kiss his smiling wife.
Oh, that was wonderful baby.
Glad you liked it.
Now why don't you bring me to the bedroom, so I can reward my sweet man for his performance?
Christian rises, carrying a smiling Heather off toward their room, leaving a lurking Jessica with the window she needs.
Once the pair is out of sight, Jessica's gaze turns once more toward her phone... but lingers on the bedroom door, slightly ajar.
I could take a peek. Just to see how they do it.
On the other hand, I have my own boyfriend waiting at home, and I'm really curious what his tongue feels like on my pussy.
As hot as this is, I really shouldn't keep watching. I can get my phone now. I need to leave.
Conner, you better not be asleep when I get back, because if I wasn't in the mood before, I definitely am now.
Jessica pads over to the table as quietly as she can, grabbing the phone. She slips back out the front door, closing it silently before heading back to her own apartment.
I... have no idea what's wrong with me, but I have to see them have sex. I haven't been so turned on by anyone other than Conner in so damn long!
Jessica quietly slips over to the door, watching through the tiny crack as the amorous couple makeout near the bed.
Christian quickly rips his clothes off, scattering them carelessly around the room.
Within, Christian tosses the covers aside before Heather pushes him on the bed, his beautiful wife standing in front of him.
Ready to receive your reward, honey?
I sure am.
Jessica's hand moves back down to caress her aching pussy.
Touch him, Heather. Play with that big dick.
It seems Jessica's thoughts are rewarded, as Heather leans over her husband, her hands slide along his legs until her fingers find and squeeze the man's erect dick.
Oh, yes. Just like that. Squeeze that dick.
Heather moans passionately, the two lock lips in a passionate embrace, Jessica watching intently from outside.
Jesus, this is hot. They are both so beautiful. I wonder if Conner and I look this hot when we're having sex?
Heather climbs atop Christian, reaching beneath her and guiding his rigid and impressive cock toward her snatch.
I want you inside me, baby!
I want you inside her, too. God, what a beautiful dick!
Heather slowly lowers herself, whining in pleasure as the thick manhood pierces her temple and slides inside. A moment later, the woman lifts herself before thrusting quickly down, beginning to fuck her husband with all her might.
Oh, Heather!
Oh yeah! Fuck me with that thing! Give it to me, baby!
Jessica's hand drifts down, pulling up her skirt and slipping inside her panties.
Her eyes close briefly as her fingers slide through her moist lips, soft breaths drifting from her mouth. She's careful to keep her moans silent, lest the couple making love realize they're being spied upon.
Jessica is stunned by the sight of her friend bouncing up and down on the man's dick, her gorgeous breasts shaking with each thrust, her lovely ass jiggling with every impact.
And Heather, you're just too hot. You may be the hottest woman I've ever seen.
Oh, the sight of you two is driving me wild.
She feels herself already building toward her orgasm, the pleasure in her nethers rising as she bites her lower lip, desperate to keep from moaning in joy.
Christian soon flips his wife onto her back, grasping her thighs with his hands and slamming his cock deep inside her.
AH! Ah, god! Give it to me, Christian! Fuck me! Harder!
Christian says nothing, apparently concentrating on his actions, while Jessica's gaze remains fixed to the sight of the man's ass thrusting forward, slamming his cock into the woman's soaking wet cunt.
Yeah, Christian. Give it to her. Use that big cock to fuck Heather silly.
The man's breathing becomes faster and louder, mingling with Heather's cries of utter ecstasy.
Guilt briefly flares in Jessica's chest as she continues to watch, but the feelings of erotic joy soon banish it, leaving her with nothing but a sense of utter sexual bliss.
Jessica's own fingers rapidly rub back and forth, her orgasm approaching faster and faster, the sight of the couple driving her ever closer toward ecstasy.
Oh god. Oh god. I'm gonna cum! Heather, Christian, you're gonna make me cum!
UNGH!
Jessica's eyes close tight as she feels her sex quivering, juices flowing down her leg as orgasmic bliss fills her body, radiating up through her torso and into her chest.
She keeps herself as quiet as possible, even holding in her breath as her climax rolls over her body. Amazing herself, she manages to stay quiet, the couple within the bedroom no wiser to the fact that she just came outside their room.
God, that was good. I'd tell you two thank you for that, but I think you probably wouldn't appreciate it.
Heather's voice has picked up in pitch, Christian slamming himself into her harder and harder.
Oh, Christian! I'm gonna cum soon, babe!
Me too! Almost there!
I really should get out of here now, before they're no longer distracted with sex. I don't want to get spotted.
Quickly grabbing her phone from the table, Jessica slips back out the front door, closing it as quietly as possible before heading back to her own apartment.
Conner's waiting in bed on her return, a quizzical expression on his face.
Hey. You took a while. Everything alright?
Sure. I was just watching my friend getting fucked... while I masturbated.
Yeah, everything's fine. I just got caught up in a little chat with Heather.
As she heads over to the bed, Conner quickly moves to the other side and pulls her over, his hands stroking along her legs and reaching beneath her dress.
Mmm, you are so beautiful, you know that?
Thank, sweetie. So are you.
I guess I should have expected he'd be in the mood. I would be too... if I hadn't just finished watching the neighbors.
Plus, I'm tired after everything that's happened today.
I could go for another round, though. Especially after he teased me earlier.
I'm sure he'd appreciate it too, after I denied him his orgasm this morning.
Well, it's only fair he gets to cum, since I already have. Even if I'm so tired. And I can always fake an orgasm if I can't get a real one going.
Jessica says nothing while Conner's fingers hook inside her panties and slowly slide them down to her ankles.
You just never stop until you get what you want, do you?
Nope. And I want you, baby.
Jessica turns toward Conner, her hands grasping her dress but only briefly lifting it up, teasing him.
And why should I let you have me, after what you pulled earlier?
Well, you did start it this morning.
And whose fault was that? Climbing in with me in the shower like you're my boyfriend or something.
I know. Crazy, right?
Jessica giggles, leaning down to plant a kiss on Conner's lips before she pulls her new dress over her head, tossing it off to the side.
God, baby, you are so beautiful.
Damnit! I hate doing this to him, but I'm too tired now, and I have the interview with the mayor in the morning.
Her hand comes down, stopping Conner before he can remove her panties.
I'm a little tired, though, Conner, and I have a long day tomorrow.
Aw, come on. I've been in the mood since I saw you come out in this dress.
That's sweet, Conner, but I'm exhausted, and I have the interview with the mayor in the morning.
Yeah, I understand. Probably best I get to sleep too. I've got plenty to do tomorrow.
They pair get ready and climb into bed, Conner quickly falling off to sleep.
Well. That was a hell of a night. Never had one like it.
I've never masturbated while spying on my friends before. God, it was incredible!
It really isn't fair to Conner to leave him hanging, so to speak, especially not twice in one day. I really need my sleep, though.
I'll make it up to him, let him ravish my body all night long tomorrow.
Baby? I'm back.
A huge smile adorns the girl's face as she strides into the bedroom, eager to get her hands on her beautiful boyfriend.
Conner's already in bed, reading a book.
You took a while. What happened?
Jessica blushes and giggles, sticking out her tongue just slightly.
Oh, the neighbors were a bit busy.
Huh. What, uh... why are you saying it like that? What were they doing?
Well, they had some music on, and Heather was on the sofa... naked, legs splayed out.
What?
Conner sits up in bed, suddenly intrigued.
Mm-hmm. And Christian was... kneeling between her legs, eating out his pretty little wife.
Geez. It didn't take them long to get going.
Wait. Wait a minute. Did you stay and watch them? Is that why you took so long?
Jessica shrugs.
I didn't really have a choice. My phone was on the table. I'd walked in because they weren't answering my knocking.
So, I had to wait, and... well, I took a peek.
Conner laughs, giving his girlfriend a wry smile.
Oh, but you could have waited until tomorrow, just leave it there tonight.
No! What if I couldn't get it before they left!? I need it for work!
I don't think that's why you did it. I think you wanted to watch.
AH! Well... I got curious. She really seemed to like getting her pussy licked, and we've never done it.
Oh? Do... you want to try it?
Well... I mean, if you want to. I don't want you to do anything you're not comfortable with.
Grinning, Conner moves closer to Jessica, his hands grasping her panties and sliding them down her legs.
Whoa, you want to?
Definitely. I want to make my baby feel good.
I'm just surprised you agreed that quickly.
Well, I've been curious and wanted to try it, just never had the opportunity to.
What!? Yes, you have! All the times we've been together, you never once tried to eat me out!
Do you know how to do it?
Well, I think I've got a decent handle on it. I got the basics from an educational video I watched a while back.
Jessica laughs when he moves in quickly and kisses her lips, opening up her labia with his tongue and sliding it back and forth at the front.
Wow, he really has never done this before. He has no idea what he's doing.
Try, uh, licking from the top to my clit, baby. Like an ice-cream cone.
Conner obeys, smiling up at her as he goes about sliding his tongue from her vulva to her clitoris, over and over again.
Jessica closes her eyes, sighing through slightly parted lips.
That's... that's not bad. It feels good.
Keep going. Keep going, baby.
Conner does so, deciding to suck her clit into his lips, drawing a groan from Jessica, before he begins to rapidly flick the tip of his tongue back and forth across the sensitive nub.
No no no! Too much! Too much!
Sorry.
The man goes back to work, continuing what he'd been doing before.
Jessica continues moaning, eyes closed, her arousal slowly building, though she's surprised that she isn't feeling amazing.
This is weird. Usually by this time when we're making love I'm almost ready to cum, and it already feels incredible.
Maybe... maybe this just isn't for me.
A few more minutes go by, Conner continuing to stroke her nethers with his tongue, giving Jessica pleasant moans to let her know just how much he's enjoying it.
All throughout, Jessica tries to give the man guidance.
A little slower.
Higher. More... okay, there.
Try... try sticking two fingers inside.
After some time, Jessica finally feels an orgasm coming on. Licking her lips, she pictures the ecstatic face of Heather on the couch, crying out as she came all over Christian's face.
I'm gonna cum! I'm gonna cum!
Jessica cringes as she feels her sex convulsing, juices flowing from within as pleasure fills her nethers.
After a few seconds, she begins to come down, the woman sighing and taking several deep breaths.
Well, that was... disappointing. That orgasm barely felt good.
I guess it's not that easy after all. Heather looked like she was having the time of her life, but that just didn't live up to the hype.
Jessica finally smiles down at Conner as the man rises up, giving her a big hug.
Well, what'd you think? Was that as good as you hoped?
Um…
...
You didn't like it?
No, no. I mean… I came.
Yeah, you didn't like it.
I'm sorry, baby. I appreciate that you were willing to give it a go.
Hmm. Well, maybe I can do some research. Find out what I'm doing wrong.
Oh, goddamnit. He's going to turn this into a project.
No, baby, it's okay. You really don't need to. I LOVE having sex with you the way we always do.
But I want to be able to make you feel as good as you make me feel, babe.
An image of Heather in orgasmic bliss flits into Jessica's mind.
Well… Heather did offer to show me, and that woman definitely knows the proper way to eat a pussy.
What if… I could ask someone to show you?
Uh… what do you mean? How is someone going to show me?
I mean… like… on me.
Wow. Did I just say that?
You expect me to stand by while another guy goes down on you!?
No. Not a guy.
Wait. You mean another woman?
Yeah.
A gorgeous ginger woman.
In a flash, Conner's shock turns into a massive grin.
Oh? Really?
Oh, NOW you're interested. A moment ago you acted like I was crazy, but now it's all okay to have someone else eat me out?
Well, what did you expect? Of course I don't want another man touching my baby. But a threesome with another woman, well…
I never said threesome, Conner.
Well, how would it not be? Another woman in bed with us would be a threesome.
Oh, no no no. It's gonna be twosome, with a spectator. That would be you. Watching. From across the room. And taking notes.
Conner lets out a huge laugh, planting another kiss on her forehead.
Of course he likes it. Another man in our sex-life is a threat, a woman is entertainment.
Yeah, I think that sounds… wait a minute. Are you being serious?
Yeah, I... think I am.
Now don't get too excited, babe. It was just an idea.
Huh. Um… I'm not sure what to say to that.
Like I said, I was just thinking out loud. It was just an idea.
Conner pulls her close, planting his lips against hers.
Why, uh, why don't we talk about this some other time? I'm kinda tired.
Okay, babe. Sure thing.
After another kiss and a good night wish from them both, the pair turn the lights off.
Well, this night went… differently than I'd expected it to. This whole day has been all over the place.
I wonder if I could do it? Could I let another woman eat me out like that?
Well, given how things went with Heather tonight, I think that's a definite yes.
I wonder what would her lips would feel like…?
Ah, I've got to let my mind calm down. I'm meeting the Mayor tomorrow. I need my sleep.
Jessica clears her mind as best she could, soon drifting away into darkness.
Well… Heather looked like she was having fun. I wonder if I can ask her about some pointers?
What if… I could ask someone to give you some advice?
Uh… what do you mean? I'm not really comfortable having another guy tell me how to eat out my girlfriend.
No. I mean… like… another woman.
Conner lets out a heavy belly laugh.
You want another woman to tell me how to eat pussy?
Ugh. Don't say it like that.
Well, I mean… it's just an idea.
Wait a minute. Are you serious?
Like I said. It's just an idea. I mean, it's not that important.
I like our sex just the way it is.
Conner's brow furrows, a look of mild hurt crossing his face.
Oh crap. I didn't mean it that way.
Well, I want you to feel good. I know I can make you love it.
If you think some tips from someone will help, then I'd be willing to give a try.
Okay, well… we'll look for someone then.
Huh. I wonder how we go about looking for that?
I'll check around. Hell, there's probably people who have classes for that sort of thing.
Hahaha. Yeah. Welcome to Cunnilingus 101.
The pair share a laugh before Conner pulls her close, planting his lips against hers.
Why, uh, why don't we talk about this some other time? I'm kinda tired.
Okay, babe. Sure thing.
After another kiss and a good night wish from them both, settle down to bed.
Well, this night went… differently than I'd expected it to. This whole day has been all over the place.
Hmm. Where do I find someone to help us out? I can almost certainly find something about it online.
Maybe Heather might know where to find someone who can help.
Hell, maybe Heather would be willing to offer tips herself. Given her reaction on that sofa, she must know all about what man's tongue should do.
Would that be weird? Having my friend offering my boyfriend tips on licking my pussy?
Ah, I've got to let my mind to calm down. I'm meeting the mayor tomorrow. I need my sleep.
Yeah, I'm not gonna tell him how disappointing that was. He was so nice, and I don't want him to feel bad.
That was great, baby. Oh, it felt so good.
Yeah? It felt a bit rocky. You've never really given me instructions during sex before.
Oh, it was wonderful. We need to do it again sometime.
The woman rubs her hands down the man's chest, smiling up at him.
Now why don't we take care of you, hmm?
Jessica lays down on the bed while Conner likewise strips. She spreads her legs as Conner moves between them, gripping his thick manhood and rubbing it along her sex.
Ah. How's that feel, baby?
Oh, Conner. That's nice. Keep doing that.
Conner does as she asks, continuing to tease her with his cock, her moans rising in pitch as pleasure begins to fill her womanhood.
Jessica keeps her gaze fixated on Conner's cock, eager to feel it sliding inside her.
I guess I was worried about nothing. That big dick of his always gets me going.
Conner is likewise eager to begin, and soon presses himself steadily forward until he enters Jessica.
Both gasp in pleasure as their sexual embrace begins, Jessica feeling his wondrous girth sliding along her walls, pleasure beginning to fill her nethers.
Oh. Oh, that's good.
Oh, baby, you feel so good.
Conner's voice is breathless, his own need as great if not greater than her own.
Here we go, baby.
Conner begins slowly thrusting into Jessica, rolling his hips forward and sliding his thick manhood deeper inside.
Jessica watches, enthralled by the sight of Conner's beautiful dick appearing and disappearing. It never ceases to amaze her how incredible his cock feels inside her.
Oh. Oh, that feels so good.
Oh god, it does. Mmm.
The pair both moan in ecstasy, glorious sensations filling their bodies as they make love.
The lack of pleasure Jessica worried she'd feel after having cum earlier had vanished. Sexual bliss blossomed in her body, slowly building with each thrust of Conner's body into her own.
Oh, baby. Oh, baby.
Conner simply moans in response, just as enthralled by the sight of his cock sliding into his gorgeous lover.
Eventually, Conner leans in, pressing his body down onto Jessica as he thrusts faster and harder.
Oh. Oh, Jess.
Yes, yes. Oh god, yes!
Conner's hand comes up, lifting Jessica's eyeglasses away from her face.
I wanna look in your eyes, baby.
Jessica briefly nods, her hands pulling him closer. Her gaze locks with his as she stares into his eyes as well.
You're so beautiful, baby.
As Conner thrusts ever harder, his groans growing louder, Jessica's mind returns to the sight of Heather and Christian.
Oh, I wonder if those two felt as good as I feel right now. I wonder if Christian's dick makes Heather feel as good as Conner's makes me feel?
God, it was incredible watching them fuck. That big dick thrusting inside that gorgeous woman.
I wonder what it would feel like to ride Christian's cock?
I wonder what it would feel like to have Heather riding ME?
As Conner thrusts ever harder, his groans growing louder, Jessica's mind returns to his earlier attempt at oral sex.
Well, I might not have felt as good as Heather did when Christian was licking her, but I bet it didn't feel as good as having this cock in me right now.
Oh, he's so much better with his dick than his tongue.
Keep going, baby. I'm close. God, that fantastic dick is getting me close.
Jessica recognizes the look in Conner's eye, the expression of concentration that says he's almost ready.
His face sets as he works toward his climax, Jessica feeling her own coming swiftly as well.
Oh, Jess. Jess, I'm almost there.
Me too, baby. I'm- I'm... just keep going. Oh god, just keep going!
I love you, baby.
I love you too, baby. Come on. Let's cum. Let's cum together.
Yeah. Here I cum.
With a savage groan, Conner buries his manhood inside Jessica, pressing his weight down into her as he cums.
As his cock throbs within her, Conner leans down and plants his lips roughly against her own.
Mmmm!
Her own orgasm arrives as she feels Conner's seed deep within, filling her.
Their bodies convulse together as they embrace, until their ecstasy finally subsides, the pair spent and exhausted.
Afterward, Jessica throws on a shirt and climbs back into bed with Conner. The pair lie together, sharing in their post-coital bliss.
Oh, baby, that was great.
It was. That was nice.
Let me tell you, I wanted to get back to this bed ever since I saw you come out in that dress.
Yeah. I was kind of in the mood all night too, thanks to you teasing me before we went over.
The pair share a laugh before they turn out the lights, ready to drift away for the night.
Well. That was a hell of a night. Never had one like it.
I've never masturbated while spying on my friends before.
And it feels so weird coming back from that and making love to Conner.
Well, he wasn't complaining, and I guess I shouldn't either.
Well, that was an interesting night. Cunnilingus was sadly disappointing.
I wonder if I should have told him the truth? I didn't want to hurt his feelings, but that means he's not going to improve.
I'll just have to direct him away from there in the future. His dick belongs in my pussy, not his tongue.
Still, I have to wonder what it would feel like to have somebody skilled going down on me?
I wonder what it would feel like if Heather went down on me?
Jessica closes her eyes and follows Conner off to sleep.
Leave for work
Move closer
Try to embarrass him
Pretend to be her girlfriend
Stop and leave
Try and get the files
Grab your phone and go home
Take a look
Have sex with him
Tell him you're tired
Tell the truth
Tell him a comforting lie
