DAY 4
Jessica slowly comes to the next day, sighing in contentment as the gentle sunlight brings her back to consciousness.
Her eyes open quicker than usual, her mind already racing as she remembers that she's set to meet the mayor later that day.
Mmm. That was a hell of a night.
Things have gotten crazy recently. Definitely not bad, but damn.
Banging in an alley, watching my neighbor get eaten out by her boyfriend.
Not to mention spying on them as they screw. Holy cow, what's going on with me?
And today I get to meet the mayor. So much is changing. I've barely had time to stop and think.
Stretching, her eyes fall to where Conner should be, finding his side of the bed vacant.
Huh. That's a little weird. I'm almost always up first.
I wonder where he got off to?
Sounds from outside draw her attention to the living room, and she quickly slips out of bed to go check.
Hey, sweetie.
Jess, hey. Good morning.
You sleep well?
Yeah. Like a baby.
Conner's briefly smirks, though his attention remains on the computer.
And how about you, baby? You have fun last night?
Oh boy.
Last night was great, sweetie. Thank you so much.
Anything for you, babe.
You're up awfully early. You don't usually jump on the computer first thing.
Oh, you know. Had to get some things done before I headed out.
Are you heading out already? You're already dressed for work.
Yeah. Busy day, and I wanted to get a head start on things.
I'm gonna be late. I've gotta get going.
Jessica begins to speak, but Conner jumps to his feet and plants a long, hard kiss on her lips.
Uh, what's going on? He's rarely his active and energetic in the morning.
I'll see you later, babe. Have a good one.
Uh, yeah. You t-
Before she can even finish her sentence, he's out the door, faster than she'd ever seen him leave before.
Okay, that was just weird.
What was he even doing on the computer?
He shut it down very quickly.
I can't imagine he'd wake up early just to file paperwork for his job.
Hold on. Was he lookin' at porn or something?
Why would he be looking at porn when I'm around?
Oh, who am I kidding. Every man looks at porn.
And so do women. I mean, geez, the cock porn I found on Laura's laptop. Wow.
Who knew they could get so big?
Ooh, maybe he was doing some research on pussy eating.
Well, he may not have been great at it, but it's not every girl who's lucky enough to have a guy who does research for sex.
Doesn't explain why he seemed a little nervous, though. Hmm.
She shrugs it off, realizing that there's probably a few things about Conner that changed during his time in the Army, and she doesn't want to push him.
I'm sure it's nothing. He'll tell me when he's ready.
Anyway, I've gotta get ready myself.
Jessica heads to the bathroom and begins washing up, trying to keep herself from becoming too nervous.
You'll be fine, Jessica. No need to worry. It's just another interview, like all others you've done.
An interview that could make or break your career.
No! Bad Jessica! Stop thinking like that. Just relax.
Splashing some water in her face, she sighs, enjoying the feeling of the cold liquid on her skin.
She sheds her clothing and heads to the shower.
Jessica steps into the warm water, enjoying the sensation of it cascading over her skin.
She soaks her hair and the rest of her body, a brief tingle running up her back as she runs her hands over her breasts, recalling her feelings watching Heather and Christian the previous evening.
Wow, those two were beautiful last night. I'm still kind of shocked that I saw that, and that they didn't lock their door.
Could they have seen my phone and hoped that I would come back and see them? I mean, I did knock. Did they hear me and just keep going?
Geez, Jess, come on. Don't be weird. I'm sure they didn't plan on you spying on them like that.
I wish Conner had been as good as Christian, though. Who knows? Maybe it's my fault. Maybe I just don't like cunnilingus.
And if I tell Conner that, he'll sigh in relief.
Jess had a good laugh at her own joke before switching her mind away from the previous night's antics to the day ahead.
Geez, Jess, come on. Don't be weird. I'm sure they didn't plan on you watching them.
I really don't know what got into me last night. I can't believe I actually spied on Heather and Christian having sex!
Not that it wasn't... incredible. Usually Conner and I are \"cum and done\", but Christian made Heather cum with his tongue… and she wanted more! That woman is insatiable!
And goddamn, it was hot! I really wish I could thank them for that orgasm.
Jessica dries herself off, then takes the time to ensure her makeup is impeccable. As far as she is concerned, she has to look her best for the day ahead.
She spends some time picking out her wardrobe, debating on the best outfit for the interview.
Is this shirt a little too tight? Hmm, I think so. Good.
Now, how about the skirt? Should I go short?
Well, if he's anything like his reputation says he is, a short skirt will make a good first impression.
Are the stockings and garter belt too much? Nah. It's not like he'll even see the belts or the straps.
But the man apparently likes sexy, so I need to feel sexy.
Jessica calls a car instead of taking her scooter, settling on an Uber over a taxi.
Though the sun is out, the weather's turned a little cold, so her scooter simply wouldn't be practical. In addition, her skirt would have made riding her scooter difficult for a number of reasons.
Arriving at City Hall, Jessica thanks her driver and steps out, taking a deep breath and letting out a long exhale.
Wow. I can't believe this is actually happening. I'm actually about to have an interview with the mayor.
This is a big step to securing my position at the Gazette.
Alright, let's do this!
With both excitement and trepidation warring in her chest, Jessica strolls up the steps into City Hall with a smile on her face.
The mayor's office is easy to find, and Jessica soon strolls in, ready to make a name for herself.
Behind the desk sits the mayor's young secretary, who ignores her for a few seconds as she finishes her call.
Of course. Have a wonderful day.
The woman then turns her attention to Jessica, fixing her with a warm smile.
How can I help you?
I'm Jessica O'Neil. I have an appointment with Mayor Wilson.
Of course. If you'd like to take a seat, I'll let the mayor know you're here.
He'll call you in when he's ready.
Sure thing.
Jessica takes a seat, running through her questions for the mayor in her mind.
Her thoughts soon turn to the receptionist, thinking about the scandal the mayor went through a few months back.
I remember hearing about the mayor boning his secretary. I think I read about it in the Gazette, actually. He likes 'em young and pretty.
And he seems to have found one even younger and prettier than the last. I guess some men never change.
It's bold, though. He's just asking for controversy again with a woman like that working reception.
Several more calls come in, the receptionist quickly answering, her lovely voice telling each one to hold.
Busy day?
No more than usual. Running a city is a busy job.
Have you been working here long?
A few months. I was actually a volunteer during Mayor Wilson's election campaign. After that, I did a long internship, and he asked me to come on board after his last receptionist left her position.
That's an interesting way of saying she resigned in shame after she was caught bent over the mayor's desk.
Well, if this receptionist has been around for a while, she must have quite a few stories to tell. I might just have to spend some time getting to know her.
The intercom comes alive, the mayor's husky voice playing for them both.
Ms. Scott? Please show Ms. O'Neil in.
Yes, sir.
The receptionist smiles, lifting her hand to indicate the mayor's office.
Mayor Wilson will see you now.
She leads Jessica to the Mayor's office, opening the door and stepping through.
Right this way.
Okay, Jess. This is it.
Jessica takes a shallow breath, trying to hide her nervousness as she steps inside.
Mayor Wilson sits behind his desk, his significant girth impossible to ignore.
Wow. I really never thought I'd be here.
Jess soon finds herself drawn to his eyes. Keen and intelligent, they seem to be judging her with every step she takes.
Mr. Mayor, this is Jessica O'Neil from the Gazette.
Thank you, Ms. Scott.
Ms. O'Neil, it's a pleasure to meet you. I apologize for making you wait.
The mayor stands and circles around his desk, offering Jessica his hand.
Oh, it's no problem, sir. I know you're a busy man. I appreciate you meeting with me today.
The man gives her a wide smile, but it doesn't go to his eyes.
It's my pleasure. I'm glad to see the Gazette has hired some new faces.
In other words, you're glad I'm not one of the ones who spilled the beans on you.
Please, have a seat. Get comfortable.
He motions toward the nearby couch, an expensive looking bit of furniture that matches the rest of the well-appointed office.
Thank you.
The pair take their seats, Jessica half-expecting the mayor to sit close to her on the couch. Instead he acts a little more professional, taking a seat in the nearby chair.
The pair take their seats, Jessica on the couch and the Mayor in the nearby chair.
Taking out her phone, Jessica turns on the recording app and sets it down before picking up her pen and pad.
Now I assume everything I say today will be off the record?
Jessica looks up, confused.
I'm... sorry?
Haha. I'm kidding. Just a little icebreaker.
Jessica laughs along with him, though she remains a little nervous. She manages to hide it, though, and proceeds with her questions.
Mayor Wilson, you've got quite a lot on your plate with the elections coming up.
Very true.
As the incumbent, you're favored to win.
However, I think it's safe to say that your campaign suffered a setback due to recent controversies.
The man's face remained passive, likely having fully expected the statement.
How are you planning on moving forward from here?
The statement and question were both intentionally worded. Any article that didn't bring up his 'nighttime proclivities' wouldn't be taken seriously, but she didn't want to piss him off, so it wouldn't be brought up again.
Simple, Ms. O'Neil. We plan to look forward, not back.
This city is full of good people, who just want to live their lives, and it's my job to make that a reality. To stomp out crime and ensure this city prospers as does everyone in it.
I've already promised the police department an increase in funds to help them with training and new equipment. We're also courting new businesses and trying to bring them back to New Port.
Some of these businesses are high end. Aren't you worried these bigger businesses will drive away the smaller, local companies?
The influx of capital will inject some much needed income into these communities. I intend to build up our city, including everyone already living here. A rising tide raises all ships, Ms. O'Neil.
Huh. He sounds very sincere.
What are your plans for the city's aging infrastructure?
Part of our revitalization plan involves these business returning. The added tax revenue will help us to build new roads, lay new electrical lines, repair our docks, and all of this will help bring even more businesses and new residents into the city.
The mayor continues to speak about his plans as Jessica asks her questions, hastily scribbling her notes as the interview goes on.
Well, he's had answers ready for every one of my questions, so he knows his stuff, but he truly sounds as if he means every word.
He's either a very good liar or is actually very enthusiastic about his work. I honestly can't tell which.
Everything I've heard about him says he's a typical corrupt politician but I wonder if there's more to him.
I suppose it's possible he's a good man who does want to do good by the city, and just happens to also be a horny little hound dog. Unlikely, but possible.
As he goes on, Jessica crosses her leg, placing her pad on her knee and continuing to jot down her notes.
Jessica feels her skirt hike up as she moves. The mayor seems to pause momentarily, Jessica looking over to see his gaze locked onto her thigh.
Crap, is the top of my stocking showing? I knew I shouldn't have gone with these.
Although... maybe if I let him see a little leg I can throw him off a bit.
I mean, yesterday I let a cop grope my tit for information.
Is it worth it, though? Is this how I want to start out our working relationship?
I guess even just a hint of leg is enough for this guy. Incredible.
I can't say I blame him. I have nice legs.
But I should be a little more professional. This is not the way to start it.
Maybe wearing this skirt was a bad idea. I really should be a little more professional.
I guess even just a hint of leg is enough for this guy, huh?
I suppose there's no real harm in letting him have a look. It's not why I wore this skirt, but I guess it's okay to let it go a little further, especially if it nets me a few points with the guy.
Besides, maybe he'll drop his guard and I'll get to see the real Mayor Wilson.
Jessica pulls her skirt back down her leg, unwilling to give the man a show.
The mayor averts his eyes, making a show of clearing his throat.
Oh, excuse me. It's the cigars. Even months after giving them up, they're still giving me problems.
Jessica nods, grateful for the man's tact.
At least he's not acting like a complete ass.
The interview continues, the pair going back and forth.
Jessica asks the occasional probing question, but by and large is softballing the mayor, mindful of her need to build a decent working relationship.
Near the end of the meeting, the mayor mentions the many meetings he has lined up to help rebuild the city, excitedly rattling off names and titles, including a senator.
Ooh, Senator Harris. That's juicy, and something we can look into.
The meeting continues for a few more minutes, Jessica finally coming to the end of her questions.
Well, thank you very much for your time, Mr. Mayor. It was a pleasure to meet you.
You're quite welcome, Ms. O'Neil. If I may be honest, it's quite nice to meet a reporter who doesn't immediately jump down my throat.
The mayor offers Jessica his hand, helping her to her feet.
That would hardly be fair. It was very nice of you to see me today.
I hope we can do this again sometime.
As do I. You have a wonderful day, Mr. Mayor.
He's not exactly what I expected. Definitely more than a little horny, but still. I'm impressed.
And hopefully so was he. Having the Mayor's favor could definitely work out in MY favor.
She shifts forward, letting him see even more of her stocking, a coy smile creeping across her lips.
Mayor Wilson, could you tell me about your administration's shifts in leadership?
The mayor nods and answers, though his eyes remain fixed on her leg. He seems entirely unable to drag his attention away.
Of course.
Holy crap! Even a little leg gets the man going.
As her questions continue, Jessica's hand roams down to her leg. She hopes the movement is ambiguous, perhaps covering herself up, perhaps seductively taunting the mayor.
It has the intended effect, Mayor Wilson momentarily losing his train of thought.
Yes, well, I mean... we're... in regards to the Cabinet situation, the new Deputy Mayor will be a good fit for the office.
It's amazing what a little leg can do to a man.
The {i}new{/i} Deputy Mayor?
His mistake snaps him out of his trance before he settles back in his chair, his professional facade returning.
Forgive me. Nothing is decided just yet. I would appreciate if you kept that bit to yourself for the moment.
I'll give you more information once we've made up our minds.
Of course, sir. Not a problem.
I'll hold you to that.
It's juicy info, but Duncan and Rosa wanted me to get on his good side, so I'll keep my mouth shut for now.
The interview continues for a few more minutes, Jessica asking her questions and the Mayor giving precise, measured answers.
She finds his sudden shift in demeanor amusing.
I guess he doesn't want to spill anything else. That's fine. I don't need to press him.
With the interview concluded, the mayor rises and offers Jessica his hand. She gladly accepts and stands, more than happy to let the man feel a little chivalrous.
Whatever makes you happy and keeps your eyes on my stockings.
Thank you, Mr. Mayor. It's not often you meet a real gentleman anymore.
The mayor doesn't step back as she rises, their bodies coming close, his hand still holding her own.
She fixes him with a nervous smile, adjusting her skirt. She's keenly aware of the feeling of his body so close to her own.
Thank you, Mr. Mayor. I, um, appreciate you meeting me today.
You're very welcome, Ms. O'Neil.
I have a meeting with Senator Harris on Monday. If you'd like, I'd love to have you back. I should have more interesting information to share with you.
Yes! I'm in!
That sounds wonderful, Mr. Mayor. What time should I come by?
After 5 PM. I should have some free time then.
Wonderful. I'll make sure to stop by.
Mayor Wilson motions toward the door, the pair strolling over as his hand slips around her back.
Jessica feels a chill running up her body, but not in a bad way, much to her own surprise.
This really feels strange. I figured I would be more disgusted by him.
There's something about his direct attitude that's just kinda attractive, not to mention there's kind of a strange aura of power around him.
I think I see why his secretary let him bend her over the desk.
Jessica feels a chill running up her body, not exactly pleased to have the man touching her.
Ew. This guy's like twice Conner's size. Why did his secretary let him bend her over his desk?
Well, I suppose he does have an air of power about him. Still, though.
Just remember, Jess. It's for your career. If all you have to put up with his his hand on your back, that's not so bad.
Well, Ms. O'Neil, I'll see you Monday.
I look forward to it, Mr. Mayor.
Jessica stop by the desk on the way out, hoping to get a word in with the mayor's secretary.
Everything go well, Ms. O'Neil?
Wonderful. I was hoping that the next time I'm by, I could ask you some questions.
Oh?
Yeah, just a few things about your experiences working for Mayor Wilson, assuming he's okay with it, of course.
Oh, it's mostly just paperwork, Ms. O'Neil. I doubt it would make for an interesting article.
Well, I'm sure you could share some interesting insights, plus the story's often more about the person.
Well, if the mayor's fine with it, then sure. That'd be fine.
Excellent. I look forward to speaking to you again, Ms.?
Shani. Shani Scott.
It's a pleasure to meet you, Shani. I'll see you next time.
Have a great day, Ms. O'Neil.
Well, I'd say that went well. I managed not to screw it up.
And Mayor Wilson is NOT what I thought he'd be. That's a pleasant surprise.
Duncan should be pretty happy with how this went. I have to mention that he's meeting with the senator. That might be something worth looking into.
Jessica heads back to the office, her adrenaline still high, excited that everything went so well.
Well, I'd say that went well. I managed not to screw it up.
Rosa would probably disagree, but oh well. She's not here.
And Mayor Wilson is NOT who I thought he'd be. That's a pleasant surprise.
Well, he's definitely as much of a horn-dog as I'd heard, but there's more to him.
Duncan's gonna be so happy with how this went down. I'll let him know about the cabinet change and he'll love that I have another appointment on Monday.
Jessica heads back to the office, her adrenaline still high, excited that everything went so well.
Back at the office, Jessica heads straight to Duncan's office and knocks on his door.
Come in.
Hey, Duncan.
Jessica. How'd the interview go?
Really well. I didn't push him, just like you said, and let him just say what he wanted to say.
He's not exactly what I expected, though.
How so?
He's a lot more passionate about his work than I'd heard, and seemed pretty sincere.
Yeah, I know about how 'passionate' he is, but men like him are good actors, Jessica. Don't be taken in by their speeches.
Jessica nods, certain that was true, but also convinced that there really was more to the mayor than most people gave him credit for.
Well, he just told me about what he wants to do to fix up the city, lower crime, stimulate the economy. It sounded almost like he wanted a New Deal for New Port City.
Duncan laughs.
Yeah, well, FDR this guy ain't. Sounds like a good pitch, though. Good line for the article.
He was very polite. Said he was looking forward to meeting me again, and that he was happy to meet a reporter who didn't, quote, jump down his throat, end quote.
Well, he must have liked you, then. He doesn't usually compliment reporters. Not after all the scandals he's been through.
Hopefully, that means he'll want to speak to me again soon.
Here's hopin'.
Well, he just told me about what he wants to do to fix up the city, lower crime, stimulate the economy. It sounded almost like he wanted a New Deal for Port City.
Duncan laughs.
Yeah, well, FDR this guy ain't. Sounds like a good pitch, though. Good line for the article.
He did let slip something about a new deputy mayor. I didn't press him on it, though.
Duncan nods, his eyes lighting up.
That's good. That's something we can look into a little closer if we have the chance.
I promised I'd keep quiet about it, though.
Don't worry about it. If he's comfortable with you, we don't want to jeopardize that relationship at the moment.
Also, he did mention that he's meeting with Senator Harrison Monday.
Did he say what for?
No, but we could always approach him after the article is published, see if he has anything more to say.
That'll work.
Also, he has a meeting with Senator Harris on Monday... and he invited me back to talk about it that afternoon.
You're kidding!?
I kid you not. He said he'd have more information for me then.
Duncan's face remains fairly passive, not exactly the kind of reaction Jessica had expected.
It's a good opportunity. We can probably get some good stuff for the paper.
Just be careful with the guy. Men like him... they always expect something for their favor.
Don't worry, Duncan. I'll be fine. I can handle him.
Duncan nods, but his eyes tell her he's not wholly convinced.
Also, the mayor has a new secretary. She's not the same woman he got caught with a while back.
I heard about that, but this is the first time we had an interview since she came on.
Her name's Shani Scott. Nice woman. Very pretty. Not sure if she's the mayor's type like the last one.
All pretty women are his type.
Apparently she's been on with him for a while, though, and she agreed to let me talk to her, so long as the mayor's fine with it.
That's good, especially if she's been around for a while. She might be a decent source of info, too.
Particularly if she dislikes him. The man can be handsy, from what I've heard.
I don't know. She seemed pretty loyal. My impression was she thought pretty highly of him.
Well, you put in a damn fine performance, Jessica. Anything else?
You did well, Jessica. Anything else?
That's it for the moment.
Alright. Go ahead and get the article written up. Call me or Rosa if you need help.
Will do.
Heading out of Duncan's office, Jessica runs into Rosa and Eve having a conversation.
Hey there.
Good morning.
Hey, Jessica. How'd the interview go?
Good, good. Surprisingly good.
I kind of expected him to be dripping slime, but he wasn't anything like I thought he'd be.
Not surprising. Most politicians are good at being charming.
Yeah. I wanted to push him a little, but I held back. Didn't want to piss him off during our first meeting.
That was smart. Sounds like you did pretty well.
Did the mayor enjoy your attire?
Hmm?
I mean that skirt. Did it catch his eye?
Yeah, it caught his attention.
Uh, Eve, I'm not sure you have any room to talk, with your outfit.
Eve shruggs before turning away.
Perhaps, but I wasn't meeting the mayor, was I?
No, you're just busy standing around, being a bitch.
While Eve and Rosa return to their conversation, Jessica heads to her cubicle to find Tommy waiting.
Hey, Tommy. How's it going?
The boy excitedly jumps up from his seat, a smile on his face.
Hey, Jessica. I got those documents sorted for you.
Oh, wow. Thank you, Tommy. That's a load off.
So, what are you doing?
I had an interview with the mayor, and now I'm going to transcribe the recordings and write an article.
That's cool.
You want to help me out?
Yeah! That'd be great.
Jessica sets down her phone and brings up the recording.
You've done interviews for the school paper, right?
Yeah. I actually did one with the principal once. I was so nervous that I'd screw it up.
At the same time, I was so damn excited. I mean, it was just the principal, but still! It was my first interview.
Jessica fixes him a knowing smile.
It's funny to see him so excited. I hope it means he's getting comfortable around me.
Tommy accepts one of the earbuds and the pair listen in as the interview goes on.
They chat every now and then, Tommy asking questions.
Jessica can feel him keeping his distance, as if he's afraid to come closer.
Well, maybe he's not getting comfy.
After a few moments, she pauses the recording, turning to Tommy.
Tommy, you don't need to keep your distance from me.
Huh?
You can get closer. I'm not gonna bite.
Um... okay.
Tommy moves his chair a little closer, but Jessica can still feel just how tense he is. It seems almost like he's holding his breath.
Oh, this poor kid. This is almost funny. He really needs a girlfriend. It'll help him to relax around women.
The recording arrives at the point where the mayor lets slip about the cabinet change.
Ha! I can't believe he said that.
Jessica smiles.
Thank you, shortest of skirts.
Yeah, he was... distracted.
Why didn't you press him for more answers?
Well, this interview was about making a good first impression, making sure he's willing to talk.
I should have plenty of chances in the future to dig into him. If we have a good relationship, he won't even take it personally.
Yeah, that makes sense.
Hey, sorry to interrupt, Jessica.
Jessica pops the earbud out.
No problem, Duncan. What's up?
I just got off the phone with Birch. He wants to print a frame from that video you brought in.
I just got off the phone with Birch. He wants to print that picture you took at the precinct.
You're kidding? If he prints that, it'll ruin any chance we have to getting any more info from the precinct.
I know, but he's insistent. It'll sell papers, and that's the only thing on his mind.
They'll know where I got that video from. I promised I wouldn't use it, or reveal my source. This will screw the paper and me.
They'll know where I got that photo from, and I promised I wouldn't reveal my source. This will screw the paper and me.
If Mr. Birch prints this, I won't be able to get info out of any police officer. Hell, out of anyone if it gets out.
Is there any way you can get around that? Any way we could print this without breaking your word?
No. He was really clear that I couldn't reveal where I got the information. Even if there was, we'd still lose any sources at the precinct.
Duncan sighs.
Okay. I just wanted to make sure before I go have a fight with Birch.
Let me go talk to him. Maybe I can convince him to let it go.
Well, you're welcome to try.
I don't think it'll do any good, but I guess we can try the carrot before I bring the stick.
Jessica heads up to Mr. Birch's office. His secretary's away, and Jessica hopes he won't be upset that she's arrived unannounced.
Whew. Okay, here we go. Time to tell the boss his business.
Clearly, this is going to end well.
She knocks timidly, and opens the door.
Mr. Birch is at his desk, focused intently on his laptop, apparently oblivious to Jessica's presence.
Um, excuse me, Mr. Birch.
His eyes raise, his expression one of annoyance.
Ms. O'Neil, do you not know how to knock?
I'm- I'm sorry, sir. I did knock.
And the point of knocking is to wait for a response.
Not when you're about to screw over my career like this.
Sir, I just need a moment of your time. I promise I won't take long.
Birch begins to speak, but Jessica starts again, wanting to make sure he doesn't send her away.
It's important.
Young lady, I am in charge at this paper, and I will decide when you can talk dur-
Birch suddenly closes his eyes, ceasing his angry tirade.
Sir, I just heard that you plan to print a frame from the video I got at the precinct.
I gave my word that I wouldn't use any of that footage and we just wanted to analyze it. If we print anything from it, we'll lose any sources we have down at the precinct, and it'll make me look like a liar.
Sir, I just heard that you plan to use the picture I took at the precinct.
I gave my word that I wouldn't reveal my sources, and if that picture is printed, not only will we lose any sources we have down there, it'll make me look like a liar.
This was my first assignment. The first connections I made as a reporter. If this gets out, my reputation will be ruined.
Mr. Birch looks about ready to fiercely reprimand her, but he pauses before he does, letting out a long, slow breath as his demeanor softens.
Young lady, you're, ah, you're new to this. This isn't going to be a city-wide scandal. Your reputation will be fine, and there will always be dumb, inexperienced cops to approach for information.
The guy I got this info from wasn't young, though. He was in charge of the surveillance room. He can be a valuable source, not just for this case, but in the future too.
You wanted to know who the vigilante is, right? Well that bike is a lead I can use to find out.
But if we print it now, not only will the cops be pissed at us, but the vigilante will know we're on to him and could vanish.
Mr. Birch presses his finger firmly into the desk.
What you brought u- mm. What you brought us, Ms. O'Neil, is good stuff. It's also far too valuable to let another outlet break this story first.
Someone else will publish it eventually, and this will have done us jack fucking squat.
Besides, y- ah, oh. You thought the vigilante wasn't important when you started here. Why...?
Mr. Birch stops for a moment, silently sucking in air between his teeth.
Why are you so intent on finding him all of sudden?
You did want me to get info on this vigilante, sir, and this is a great lead that could bring us right to him.
But if we print this and he goes to ground, it doesn't do us any good.
I'm sure I can find something. I just need a little time.
In fact, I planned on speaking to a friend later about the bike, and I'm hoping he can-
Alright, alright.
Birch mumbles something under his breath.
I'll give you a few days to come up with something more.
Thank you so much, Mr. Birch. I'll get you something. I promise.
If someone else beats us on this story, though, Ms. O'Neil, I will make you...
The man shakes his head and groans.
Just... just go. Get it done.
Heading back to her desk, Jessica lets out a long sigh of relief.
Whew. That went better than I'd expected.
Now I just need to find something else, and then he won't need to use those images and screw me over.
He was acting pretty weird, like he was distracted. It worked in my favor, though, so I can't complain.
Come in.
Hey. I convinced Mr. Birch not to run it.
Seriously? I can argue for hours with the man and not change his mind, but you were up there five minutes and he caves?!
How'd you do it? Mr. Birch is pretty hard to sway once he's made up his mind.
Jessica shrugs.
I made a good case, and he agreed.
For a moment, Duncan just stares at her, baffled.
Well, you did good.
Thanks. Maybe you should try the carrot more often.
Duncan mumbles something to himself.
Maybe I can hit him with it.
Huh?
Oh, nothing. Great job, Jessica.
Jessica heads back to her desk, her stomach grumbling.
Are you hungry, Tommy? I'm think I'm gonna get lunch.
Yeah. That sounds good.
Eve, we're gonna head to lunch? You wanna come?
Sure. Why not? I've only had an herbal tea today, and I am famished.
Jessica grabs her purse, packing up her things before they head out.
Should we find Rosa, see if she wants to come?
She left a little while ago, and said she'd be back later.
Okay, I guess it's just us then.
The group heads to the cafe, Eve and Jessica chatting back and forth while Tommy walks quietly along with them.
When they arrive, Jessica is surprised to see someone new behind the counter.
Hi! How can I help you?
The group makes their order one at a time. Once they're done, the other two grab a table while Jessica turns back to the waitress.
Is Blake here today?
No, she's in class right now. She should be back in Monday.
Okay. Thanks.
The group make their orders and take their seats, Jessica and Eve continuing to make small talk.
Their food soon arrives, the group discussing their daily lives as they eat.
So Tommy, what do you like to do for fun?
Me?
Yeah? You have any hobbies?
Uh, yeah. Me and my friends are into LARPing.
LARPing?
I've never heard of that.
Live action role-playing. It's kinda like D&D but actually acting it out.
So you're acting, like in a play?
Kinda, I guess, but more of a game, with rules.
That's so cool! How's it work?
Well, we basically get dressed up, get together in the park, we choose roles, and we go through different scenarios.
Eve smirks, turning away so Tommy doesn't see her smile.
You don't... actually hurt each other, do you?
No, it's perfectly safe. Fake swords and arrows and that sort of stuff.
We do it twice a month, and we're gonna have a meetup the weekend after next. You can both come check it out, if you want. It's really fun.
Eve chuckles, shaking her head.
Yes, I'm sure running around a park and hitting people with wooden swords is fun.
Tommy's eyes go down to his plate as he begins to mumble.
Well, we use PVC pipe covered in foam.
Jessica shoots Eve an admonishing look.
Seriously, Eve. Silly or not, which it kind of is, don't bully him like that.
That does sound like a lot of fun. I'd like to come sometime.
Really? You'd like to try it?
Not really, but I don't want you to feel bad.
Oh, I don't want to get hit even by fake swords, but I'd love to come check it out.
Awesome! I'll let you know when we're doing it next.
What about you, Eve? What kind of things do you do for fun?
Besides dreaming up ways to act like a bitch?
At the moment, when I have spare time I just try to relax. I'm entirely focused on work. I don't really have time for anything else.
You must do something to unwind.
I find a good wine does the trick.
Pull that stick out of your ass. I bet that would help.
The conversation continues, awkwardly, until the group finishes their meals, pays their bill, and heads back to the office.
Back at her desk, Jessica sits down with Tommy at her side, ready to finish the article. He asks a few questions here and there about it, Jessica more than happy to answer.
He seems a little more at ease. That's good. I hope he keeps it up.
Once the article is done, Jessica turns to Tommy with a smile on her face.
And that's it. I just need to proofread and send it along to my editor, and we're done.
Nice work.
Thank you. Up high!
The pair high-five one another, chuckling as they do so.
What are you kids so happy about?
We just finished writing up the article.
Well, she wrote it. I just watched.
We missed you for lunch. When did you get back?
Just a few minutes ago, but you seemed so focused I didn't want to bother you.
Listen, I'm gonna be heading out in a bit to speak to a friend, see if I can find out anything about the vigilante's bike.
That seems like kind of a long shot. Going through the city's CCTV would be a better move.
Yeah, but that's what the police are gonna be doing. If we want to get anything on him before they do, we've gotta try something else.
Well, it's worth a shot. Though you don't need permission to leave work. You're here to get the job done, after all.
Right, but I was wondering if you can find something for Tommy to do while I head out?
Sure thing. Come on, Tommy. Let me introduce you to the exciting world of file sorting!
Yeah, I think I'm kind of becoming an expert in that.
Don't worry about it. We've all been there.
I probably won't be back, so you have a great day, Tommy!
Bye, Jessica. I hope you find something about the guy.
Me too.
After a short taxi ride, Jessica arrives at a nearby automotive garage. One of the employees is working out front.
Excuse me. I'm looking for David.
He looks up, his eyes quickly taking in Jessica's outfit.
I think he's doing some paperwork? Can I help you with anything?
Actually, I need to speak with him. Could you tell him Jessica is here?
Sure thing. Be right back.
As she waits her phone rings, a smile crossing her face when she sees Conner's name.
Hey, sweetie. How's it going?
Exhausting. Long day. How about you?
Wonderful. I'll tell you all about it when I get home, but the short version is that the interview went great.
REALLY great.
That's wonderful, babe. I can't wait to hear everything.
Jessica smirks and rolls her eyes.
That would be a first.
Anyway, I'll be home soon. How about you?
Uh, I'll be a bit. I'm looking into something. Can you pick me up at Mr. Parker's newsstand in an hour?
Sure, but I have no idea where that is.
Jessica gives him directions as she sees David walking out from the back.
Okay, I gotta go, sweetie. I love you.
Love you too, babe. Later.
Jess! It's great to see you!
Hey, David! How are things?
Pretty good. Busy. Everything okay with the scooter?
Oh, the scooter's doing great. I was actually hoping you could help me with something for work.
Sure. Let's go in the back. I'll see what I can do for you.
I need some info on a particular kind of motorcycle. We pulled an image from a CCTV cam, and I'd like to try and find it.
Well, I'm not sure I can help you on that one. I mean, if you had the license, you could use that to find it, but you'd need to call the DMV for that.
Inside, David smiles and indicates a small workbench.
Welcome to my... 'office'. Have a seat.
Oh, I'm good, thanks.
Okay, then I'll sit, 'cause I've been on my feet all day and they are killing me.
I thought the boss was supposed to just sit on his ass and play cards all day, that sort of thing.
I don't know how your boss does things, but here we all work. Besides, a third of my staff is out sick, so the cards can wait.
Besides, I love cars. Mostly to drive them, but sometimes a man has to roll up his sleeves, get down on his knees, and... do what needs doin'.
Jessica laughs, always amused by David's unabashed innuendo.
Sure, if he knows what he's doing.
I need to find the guy that owns this bike, but this is all we have to go on.
We have no registration, no license. Just this photo I managed to snag from the CCTV footage.
We have no registration, no license. Just this video from the CCTV footage.
Jessica hands over the phone, David cocking his head as he checks it out.
Well, that's almost nothing to go on.
Jessica hands over the phone, David cocking his head as he watches the video.
Well, it's something. Not much, but it's something.
I did some checking last night, and I think it's a Honda CBR.
Looks like it. Maybe a 2014, 2015.
Is there any way you could find out who owns it?
Maybe. Sports bikes painted jet black from top to bottom aren't that common.
It'll be pretty hard, though. Sellers don't like to hand out info on who buys their bikes, and they change hands quite a bit anyway.
Plus, anyone could have done that black paint job, so there's probably no point asking around at the body shops.
And with the black clothing and helmet, I seriously doubt this guy wants to be found.
Although...
Check this out. You see that, right there? Those are fairing grills. That's not factory standard on that bike.
And you see that thing on the front, looks like a fin?
Yeah. Is that not standard either?
Nope. Not at all. Definitely a custom job.
Could he have done that on his own?
Only if he knows what he's doing. It's hard to tell with this resolution, but it looks like a professional job, not someone just cutting away with an angle grinder.
That's good. This could really help me out.
I know a guy, knows more about motorcycle customization than anyone I've ever met. If anyone can tell you about it, he can.
That would help a lot. Keep me from having to call up every body shop in the area.
Thing is, the guy's kinda shady. Why don't I call him up, see what he has to say?
No. There's no reason to have my friends doing my work for me. It's my job, after all.
I appreciate the offer, but I can handle it. I just need his address.
David eyes tell her that he's a little uneasy, but he just nods after a moment.
Okay. I'll message you the address when I have a chance.
Thanks, David. You're a life-saver, and a career maker if I can find this guy.
My pleasure, Jess.
Okay, I'm gonna call a cab and head out.
I can give you a lift wherever you need to go.
Oh that's nice, but you don't need to do that.
It's not problem. I was heading out to bring this car in for a paint job anyway.
Okay. I appreciate it.
Jessica climbs in the car while David strolls around the front.
Hey, Eric. I'm gonna take the Cabrio to the bay.
Whenever you're done with the Dodge, go ahead and close up shop.
Sure thing, boss.
So you're an investigative reporter now?
Yep! I'm so excited!
That's great! How long you had this job?
Uh... four days.
David gives out a hearty laugh.
Well, you got movin' fast.
What can I say? I'm tenacious.
Oh, I know.
And if I'm being honest, I got pretty lucky.
Well, if you weren't good, you wouldn't have the opportunity. So good on you, girl.
Thanks, David.
What is this you're working on?
The guy with the bike? He's a person of interest in a story. I'd really like to talk to him.
Is he dangerous?
No. I think the worst he'll do is shun me.
I hope. Vigilante's don't beat up reporters, right? Especially not pretty female ones?
How about you? How are things going?
Damn good. We've been so busy lately that I've barely seen my place.
That's probably also why a bunch of my guys are out sick.
Same thing with your bay shop?
Yep. And things keep going this way, I'll be able to open up a third location soon.
Your dad still on your case about becoming a mechanic?
Are you kidding?! I've got my own business, two shops, maybe a third, and he still won't shut up about how I shoulda been a lawyer.
'What was the point of going to college just to work with cars', he says? Blah, blah, blah. I swear, dinner at my parents' house is a nightmare.
Well, if it makes you feel any better, my boss nearly screwed over my career today just to sell a few more papers.
David chuckled.
Well, misery does love company.
The pair arrive at the newsstand, David pulling up outside.
Thanks so much for the ride, David.
No problem, Jess. You take care, now.
You too. I'll talk to you soon.
Strolling over to the stand, Jessica opens the side door, smiling at Mr. Parker as he sits inside, quietly reading.
Hey there, Mr. Parker.
Jessica, hey! How's it going? Come on in.
It's pretty good, though I was hoping you could help me out.
Of course! What's going on?
Well, work is... complicated.
Isn't it always? What's up?
I kinda put myself in a bad spot at work.
Shit. What'd you find?
Basically, I got info from the cops on the condition I wouldn't reveal my source.
I also agreed not to publish any of the video they gave me.
You got a video from them?
Yeah. CCTV footage. And I promised we'd only analyze it.
I think I see where this is going. Birch wants to use it, is that it?
Right on the nose.
My advice is simple: find something else to give him.
On the same story, or in general?
Whatever you can. Birch wants to sell papers, Jessica. Find something, anything he can use instead, and you're off the hook.
As long as it's a sensational story, he'll be happy? That's good advice.
Gimme a sec. Got a customer.
Parker groans as he starts to stand, but Jessica puts a hand on his shoulder.
Don't worry. I got it.
Jessica flashes the young man at the counter a warm smile and a sweet greeting.
Hi there. How can I help you?
Hey. Can I get a copy of PC Game Magazine?
Oh, I bet I can get him to buy a little bit more. Do a little favor for Mr. Parker.
Jessica turns around and grabs a copy, placing it on the counter before leaning lower, making sure her cleavage is as exposed as possible.
Sure thing. Anything else I can get for you? You look like an intelligent young man, who keeps up with current events. How ‘bout a copy of the New Port Gazette?
She makes sure to bat her eyes and smile. The young man's blushing cheeks, not to mention his eyes gluing themselves to her tits, tell her she has him.
Sure. I'll take a copy.
Jessica rang him up, giving him a wide smile and wishing him a great day as he strode off.
Ha! Thanks, Jessica. You really have a way with people.
Well, I appreciate you listening to my problems.
Birch is like a dog, Jessica. He might be all teeth and growls, but get him a big bone, and he'll gnaw at it for hours.
Thanks, that helps.
My pleasure.
Ha! Thanks, Jessica. You really have a way with people.
Well, I appreciate you listening to my problems.
Listen, Jessica, I think I should apologize.
For what?
Well, for my... behavior, lately. It really hasn't been appropriate, especially for a man of my age.
Oh, you mean when you were shoving your dick into my leg?
I take it you mean the... 'flirting'?
Jessica lets out a playful giggle.
Yeah. Also, when you came by the other day and helped me pack up, I was... checking out your backside.
When you came by the other day and helped me pack up, I was... checking out your backside.
It was totally inappropriate. I'm sorry.
Oh, don't worry about it, Mr. Parker. If I'm being honest, I was a little to blame.
What? No, that's not true.
Eh, I kinda knew you were checking me out.
Really?
Yeah. But I didn't think it was a problem, Mr. Parker.
Still, it was inappropriate, and I apologize.
Well, thank you, I appreciate it.
You're sweet, Mr. Parker. And obviously, we all get a little... wound up, from time to time.
Even me.
You're too sweet, Jessica, and a truly wonderful woman.
Jessica blushes a bit, appreciating both his candor and his compliments.
No need to apologize for what I was enjoying, and there's no reason I can't have a little more fun.
I'm not sure what you mean, Mr. Parker.
You know. Yesterday, when I was pointing out your article, I... pressed myself into you.
Jessica gives him a quizzical smile and a cocked eyebrow, as if she truly isn't sure what he means.
I'm positive I don't remember any of that.
Parker's expression is one of puzzlement and confusion.
You don't remember that?
She shakes her head.
No, I'm afraid not.
He keeps staring at her, unsure of what to think.
You know. The other day, when you helped me with the magazines. I acted inappropriately.
Jessica gives him a quizzical smile and a cocked eyebrow, as if she truly isn't sure what he means.
Well, anyway.
Also, the day before, when you helped me unpack, I was checking out your butt.
Really? You were checking out my ass?
Oh?
I was looking at you while you were leaning over.
Really? You were checking out my ass?
Yeah. I'm sorry.
Jessica turns about, presenting her backside to the man.
This ass? You were checking this one out?
Umm...
His voice wobbles, a nervousness slipping into his tone.
Yeah...
I can't blame you. It's a nice ass.
Jess keeps her ass pressed in his direction, even pushing it out a bit more, daring him to touch it.
Much to her shock, he takes the bait, and she feels his hands sliding down along her backside and thighs.
Oh...
Parker says nothing, silently groping her ass as she stands there, unsure of what to do or say herself.
I can't believe he actually did it. This isn't just flirting. This is... fuck me, what is this?
God, this is so wrong, so filthy, so… dirty. Very, very dirty, and naughty.
He's a dirty old man, and that's just making this hotter.
My heart's pounding, and I'm loving it, but should we be doing this?
You're right, Jessica. This is one hell of an ass.
Oh god, what am I doing? It's… great, but I shouldn't be doing this.
You're right, Jessica. This is one hell of an ass.
Then stop feeling my thigh and try the actual butt.
Why the hell did I just say that?!
So, what's this story that has you and Birch all tangled up?
Jessica relates the info about the vigilante and his motorcycle. Parker's quite excited to hear everything.
Just remember what I said. Don't bother doing what the police do. They'll do it faster, and there's always other, better ways for a reporter to find the truth.
I'll remember that.
I had a boss once, he was on the warpath. Wanted to know why we hadn't gotten out in front of a story, and he wanted heads to roll.
Sounds like an asshole.
Definitely. So I went after a different story, this weirdo named, I kid you not, Dr. Omega, who'd been experimenting on people using chemicals.
Boss was happy, papers sold, and no one lost their jobs.
I'll keep that in mind. Hopefully, I can find what Mr. Birch wants, and keep him from screwing me over.
I'm sure you'll find it. I have faith in you.
A red car pulls up out front, Jessica turning around to see Conner smiling at her from inside.
There's Conner. Come on over, I'll introduce you.
Hey, sweetie! Thanks for coming.
No problem, babe.
Conner, this is Mr. Parker.
Conner extends his hand, the two men shaking.
Good to finally meet you. Jess has told me a lot about you.
I swear it's only half true, and only the good stuff.
Conner laughed, taking a moment to compliment Parker's newsstand.
You ready to head home, sweetie?
Yep. Let's go. It was a pleasure to meet you, Mr. Parker.
Likewise. Have a great day, Jessica. See you soon.
The group waves goodbye to one another as Jessica climbs inside, she and Conner heading off down the road.
He seems like a nice old man.
He's very sweet. And a good listener, which I needed after today.
Jessica relates her stories of the day to Conner as they head home, glad to finally get everything off her chest.
Like that?
Yeah, just like that.
Jesus, this is happening. Oh my god, his hand feels great.
This is the most incredible ass I've ever felt, Jessica.
Jessica's heart is pounding in her chest, her blood racing, her excitement at a level she hadn't felt in so long.
Mr. Parker...
Yeah?
That feels so good.
For what seems like an eternity, Parker says nothing, his hand slowly but firmly squeezing her backside.
It's been so long since I've had a woman's ass in my hand.
He's so much older, but this is such a rush. I can't believe how much I'm enjoying this.
You don't say. Are you enjoying that, then? My young, tight, hot, little-
Before she could finish, she feels Mr. Parker whirling her around, pushing her up against the wall.
His hands pull her closer, his lips inches away from her own.
Oh god, what's happening!?
I can feel his dick pressing against my leg. My god, the man is huge!
This is incredible! He's always been so timid, but this Mr. Parker is so dominant, so powerful.
Jessica feels his hand pushing up her skirt, her mind racing with possibilities.
She recalls when she showed him her ass, and wondered if he'd pull out his cock and fuck her then and there.
What is he going to do now? Is he thinking of fuck me?
Mr. Parker...
Her voice is barely a whisper, her mind focused on his hand moving slowly up her leg, her concentration only broken by a familiar sounding car pulling up outside.
Did a red car just pull up outside?
Yeah.
That's... ahem. That's Conner.I have to go.
Right, right.
Jessica straightens out her clothes, taking a deep breath.
I'll, uh... I'll see you soon.
Yeah, yeah. I'll be here.
Heading out the door, she quickly heads over to the car, giving Conner a quick kiss and climbing in the passenger seat.
That was Mr. Parker I saw in there? He seems like a nice old man.
He's very sweet. Sorry you two didn't get to meet. I'll introduce you next time.
The last thing I needed was you wondering why he was hard as a rock.
And he's a good listener, which I needed after today.
Oh?
Jessica relates her stories of the day to Conner as they head home, glad to finally get everything off her chest.
However, her thoughts can't help but drift back to Mr. Parker, heart still pounding in her chest.
Wow, what did I just do, and why did it feel so good?
And what the hell's gonna happen when I see him again?
Her hand comes down, stopping him from feeling her up any further.
Actually, Mr. Parker, we really should stop.
What? Really?
Yeah, look this is… really, REALLY nice, but we shouldn't be doing this.
It really isn't appropriate.
Well…
Jessica spins around, eyes alight with lust but her better judgement holding her back.
Besides, if we don't stop, you'll get another 'inappropriate' erection again.
She looks down, noting the bulge in his pants with a wry smile.
Oh, I guess I'm too late.
Oh, I don't have an erection right now.
She chuckles, amused.
Oh, please. Look at that thing. I could hang pictures from that.
I'm telling you. I don't have an erection.
Bullshit.
I've never seen a man more ready to fuck my brains out, but whatever.
If you say so.
Don't get me wrong. It's just hard for a man my age to get an erection, though you're definitely having an effect on me.
Jessica takes a step back, noting just how hard he's staring at her rack.
Parker, however, just takes a step forward, his eyes glued to her bosoms.
You really have the most beautiful chest I've ever seen, Jessica.
Jessica blanches, not sure how to take that or what to say.
His right hand closes over her breast, Jessica staring at him in stunned silence.
Oh, Jessica. You're so lovely, so soft.
Uh, Mr. Parker.
Mmm…
Parker seems lost, only the breast in his hand filling his mind.
Mr. Parker, that's… very naughty of you, you dirty old man.
He chuckles, still staring at her boobs.
But we really do need to stop this now.
As if summoned by her thoughts, she hears a familiar sounding car pulling up outside.
Did a red car just pull up?
Yeah.
That's... ahem. That's Conner. I have to go.
Right, right.
Jessica straightens out her clothes, taking a deep breath.
I'll, uh... I'll see you soon.
Yeah, yeah. I'll be here.
Heading out the door, she quickly heads over to the car, giving Conner a quick kiss and climbing in the passenger seat.
That was Mr. Parker I saw in there? He seems like a nice old man.
He's very sweet. Sorry you two didn't get to meet. I'll introduce you next time.
The last thing I needed was you wondering why he was hard as a rock.
And he's a good listener, which I needed after today.
Oh?
Jessica relates her stories of the day to Conner as they head home, glad to finally get everything off her chest.
However, her thoughts can't help but drift back to Mr. Parker, heart still pounding in her chest.
Wow, what did I just do, and why did it feel so good?
And what the hell's gonna happen when I see him again?
There's no way he's not as a hard as a sequoia.
Well, we'll just see about...
Oh. Oh wow.
Wait, you aren't hard at all.
Like I said.
Well, what's up with this bulge then?
I'm, uh, gifted.
Holy shit, you really are. This is NOT hard!?
Yep. Don't stop touching it, though.
His hand comes to cover her own, pushing it onto his well-endowed dick.
Oh? Does that feel nice?
Oh yeah. That's good.
I think it's starting to grow now.
Jessica giggles as Parker removes his hand. Her own stays right where it is.
What am I even doing? Why am I feeling up this filthy old man?
She begins rubbing her hand up and down, gently but firmly.
And why is it so much fun?
Is that making you hard, Mr. Parker? Is that getting your big dick all revved up?
Oh yeah. Oh, no one's touched me like that in years.
Yeah. You like having a beautiful woman like me stroking your cock? Is this woman making you feel like a man again?
Jessica. You... are... incredible.
As he speaks, Jessica feels his cock hardening beneath her fingers.
Wow. I can only imagine how big this thing gets when it's fully erect.
Mmm, I bet it's beautiful.
You're beautiful, Jessica.
Yeah? What do you want to do with this big, beautiful dick, huh?
I want...
Huh? Tell me what you want to do with it.
I want...
You want me to... suck it?
Her words were barely a whisper, a hissing leaving her teeth and driving the man wild.
Oh god, yes!
Her mind focused on the growing organ hidden from her by the man's pants, her concentration only broken by a familiar sounding car pulling up outside.
Oh shit. Conner's here.
Conner opens the door and smiles at her.
Hey, babe.
Hey, sweetie. I'm just wrapping up my conversation with Mr. Parker.
As she speaks, Jessica's hand continues to rub Mr. Parker's erection. She savors the feeling of his rigid cock sliding against her palm.
Oh yeah? Should I-?
Oh, just keep the car running. I'll be out in a minute.
As she speaks, Jessica gives Mr. Parker's cock a firm squeeze, a devious smile slipping across her lips.
God, that feels good.
Conner closes the door, Jessica stroking the cock a few more times as she strolls to the side, her other hand rolling onto the hidden member instead.
I've gotta get going.
Yeah, sure.
I'll see you soon. Will you keep this hard for me until then?
For you, anything.
Jessica giggles, licking her lips as she slips out the side door and heads to the car.
That was Mr. Parker I saw in there? He seems like a nice old man.
He's very sweet. Sorry you two didn't get to meet. I'll introduce you next time.
The last thing I needed was you wondering why he was hard as a rock.
And he's a good listener, which I needed after today.
Oh?
Jessica relates her stories of the day to Conner as they head home, glad to finally get everything off her chest.
However, her thoughts can't help but drift back to Mr. Parker, heart still pounding in her chest.
Wow, what did I just do, and why did it feel so good?
And what the hell's gonna happen when I see him again?
Seriously, I was surprised at how welcoming the mayor seemed.
He was a lot nicer than I'd expected.
I'm sure he's good at being nice. Kinda of the things politicians do.
Yeah, that's what everyone keeps saying.
You think otherwise?
It's just a feeling.
Anyway, how was-
What the...?
Huh?
Kneeling in the living room, in her underwear, is a young woman with fiery red hair, head bobbing up and down as music plays in her earbuds. She's searching through the magazines beneath the TV, paying Jessica and Conner no mind.
Jessica feels a momentary bit of fright, quickly replaced with amusement as she recognizes who is sitting in her living room.
Oh, geez. Hey, Laura.
No answer is forthcoming.
Laura!
As Jessica calls out her name, Laura rises from the TV and turns around, magazine in hand.
Her eyes lift to see Conner and Jessica standing in front of her, causing her to jump in fright.
Ah! Oh my god!
Hey there, Laura.
Conner grins and winks at the half-naked girl.
Laura quickly dashes away into the guest bedroom while Jessica covers Conner's eyes.
Hey. Stop looking at my naked sister like that.
She's the one who's in our apartment in her undies, and she's not really naked.
Well stop looking anyway. Perv.
Again, she's the one here in her undies.
Anyway, I need to strip too. I've had a long day and I'm so sweaty my shirt is stuck to my back.
Hey, just remember not to embarass or mess with Laura. You know she likes you.
It's a good problem to have.
Jessica rolls her eyes and scoffs as she knocks on the guest bedroom door.
Laura, can I come in?
Yeah. Just you.
Hey there.
Oh my god, I'm so embarrassed! I really thought I had more time before you got home!
Why were you hanging out in our living room without pants?
I was hanging out in here! I just wanted to grab something to read, and you guys came home.
Jessica has a good laugh before throwing her arms around her sister.
Oh, it's okay, Laura. Pretty funny, but it's nothing. Don't worry about it.
But I thought you and mom weren't coming until Saturday?
Yeah, but I'm having dinner with a friend tomorrow, so I decided to get here a little early.
It's not gonna be a problem, is it, now that Conner's back?
Of course not! Conner loves you, and you're always welcome in our home.
Jessica plants a kiss on her sister's cheek before heading for the door.
Now come on out and let's catch up. With your clothes on, please.
Laura rolls her eyes and nods, still blushing, still mortified.
Jessica heads to her room to get changed.
When she returns, Laura's already on the couch, phone in hand.
Hey. You talking with your boyfriend?
Laura scoffs.
God, no. I don't have one.
What happened to that guy you were seeing from your University?
He was a dumbass, so I dumped him.
Oh, I'm sorry to hear that, sweetie.
Well, Conner's just taking a shower. He'll be out in a bit.
Laura smiles, a slight blush crossing her face.
Okies! So, how have things been going for my big sister?
Surprisingly great. I'm exhausted, given how things have been going lately, but a good kind of exhausted.
Like that time Conner came back on leave and you two didn't leave the apartment for three days, just banging over and...
Shut up! First off, I told you to keep quiet about that.
Sorry.
And second... yes, a lot like that.
Laura lets out a little squeal.
Oh, it sounds like so much fun!
It's not just the sex. The sex is pretty good, but my work has been... interesting.
The two chat for a while, Jessica relating the stories of her eventful week at her new job. Eventually, Conner returns, leaning over the couch as he greets Laura.
Hey, Laura. Nice to see you again.
It's good to see you too, Conner.
Although I got to see more of you than you got to see of meOW!
Laura blushes crimson and Jessica punches Conner in his shoulder, momentarily annoyed at her little sister's continued attraction to her own boyfriend.
Ha! You made him say meow.
And you. Stop blushing.
Sorry. I can't help it.
Come on, Laura. Would you help me make dinner?
Sure!
The sisters prepare dinner, chatting back and forth about work, life, their mom.
At the mention of having sex with Conner now that he's back home again, Laura blushes once again.
You know, it's so obvious when you're embarrassed.
Huh?
I'm just saying, maybe try to blush a little less. You wear your feelings on your face, Laura.
You do know that's not how blushing works, right?
Conner steps up to the counter, the ladies immediately switching the conversation back to Jessica's work.
Once dinner is ready, the group sit down to eat, Conner having been warned to behave himself.
The group share small talk, Conner talking about his work while Laura speaks excitedly about her college courses.
So, what are we doing after dinner?
Let's play Mario Kart!
Come on. You know you can't beat me.
Bullshit! I've been practicing, and Peach is gonna whoop your ass!
Let's not do that. I don't want to spend the rest of the evening listening to you two taunting each other. Let's watch a movie.
The other two both laugh at her.
You just don't like it 'cause you always lose.
Whatever. It's boring, so we'll watch a movie.
Dinner goes on for a while, Jessica and Conner talking eagerly with Laura for quite some time.
After cleaning up the dishes, the group head to the couch, dimming the lights before putting on the film.
What's this movie called?
The Science Of Sleep.
What's it about?
I guess we'll find out as we watch it. That's how movies work.
Laura blows her sister a raspberry, then settles back into the couch.
As the movie goes on, Laura's eyes begin to droop. Eventually, she leans down and lays her head in Jessica's lap.
Jessica and Conner continue watching the movie, though they share a number of yawns back and forth as it progresses.
Eventually it comes to an end, both heaving a heavy sigh.
Well, that was boring too. It even put Laura to sleep.
Yeah. That was bad.
Next time we'll play the game.
I promise we'll go easy on you.
Jessica hand gently rolls through her sister's hair.
Hey, Laura? It's over, sweetie.
Laura yawns as she stands, clearly exhausted.
Okay. I'm gonna go get ready for bed. Have a good night, you two.
You too, Laura.
Yeah. Sleep well.
After a visit to the bathroom, Jessica lies down next to Conner, who quickly pulls her close.
Mmm.
I missed you all day, baby.
I missed you, sweetie.
I really do love him. A fact I should remember next time I think about flirting with a man.
Conner isn't calming down and moves in for a kiss, hand stroking up and down her body.
It's clear enough he's in the mood, and so is she.
God, I want this, but Laura's right in the other room.
His hand soon moves lower, reaching her burning loins.
Jessica tries to push his hand away, though he remains insistent. His desire is abundantly clear.
Baby, we should just go to sleep.
Conner says nothing, ignoring her words as he kisses her once more, his hand continuing to rub her sensitive sex.
Fuck, this feels good! But I don't want to disturb Laura.
Conner, my little sister is in the next room.
No problem. We'll be quiet. She won't hear a thing.
The thought of having sex with her sister sleeping so close feels strange to Jessica, but the sensation of Conner's fingers moving against her aching womanhood is too good to resist.
Well, after sending him to sleep without last night, I can't do the same tonight.
Alright. No noise, though.
I'll be quiet as a mouse, baby.
Fuck it. Let's do it.
Conner's hand grips her leg, turning her over before he begins to caress her milky thighs.
You're so damn beautiful, baby.
Though she is very much in the mood for sex, what she isn't in the mood for is Conner wasting time. She's too damn tired.
Come on. Let's get to it, Conner. Nice and quiet.
Conner chuckles while pressing his fingers against her aching treasure.
What? Aren't you enjoying that?
Oh, yeah. I am enjoying that. A lot.
But I'm not in the mood for foreplay tonight, Conner. Come on. Stick it in me.
Unable to refuse such an invitation, Conner quickly slides off his boxers and reveals his eager manhood.
Pulling aside the meager fabric concealing Jessica's tender sex, he places the head of his cock against her moist lips and easily slips inside.
Oh yeah.
Baby, that feels incredible.
Conner begins thrusting himself in steadily, his glorious member flooding Jessica with ecstasy.
How's that feel, baby?
So good. Oh, faster. Go faster.
Conner obliges, ramming his cock in with renewed vigor. His hand squeezes her bosom, Jessica sucking in her breath as the sensation heightens her arousal.
Oh yeah. Oh yeah.
As ever, Conner's magnificent dick creates a feeling of utter ecstasy within Jessica, and she finds herself quite glad she agreed to sex.
This is wonderful, so long as we can stay nice and quiet.
Conner's hand pulls her top down to reveal her breasts, gripping the right bosom as he begins to pant in pleasure.
His other hand circles around her neck, bringing her face closer to his. In such an embrace, a jolt of lightning shoots through her body, amping up her pleasure and bringing her almost to her orgasm.
Oh Conner! Oh Conner!
Conner just chuckles, his breathing heavy.
You're making noise, babe.
Jessica flips herself over, planting her face in her pillow in the hopes that her squeals of delight will be muffled and remain unheard by Laura.
Conner moves with her, swiftly mounting her backside and ramming himself inside.
Mm mmm!
Are you ready, baby? I'm gonna cum. I'm gonna cum, Jess.
Mmm mmm!
Conner shoves himself deep into Jessica, burying his cock as it begins to jump, emptying his seed.
Jessica's climax has already arrived however, and she cries out into her pillow as pleasure overwhelms her body, her nethers quivering in delight.
As ecstasy fills them both, the pair revel in the feeling of their bodies pressing together, joined in glorious sexual congress.
Once finished, Jessica and Conner lie together, hot, exhausted, their breaths heavy.
Oh man. Oh, that was good.
Yeah. That was great.
Happy and satisfied, Jessica lets her mind drift off, her thoughts turning to the day's events.
Soon, such thoughts drift away as well. Sleep comes.
Fix your skirt
Let him enjoy the view
Accept his apology
Tease him more
Stop him
Let him touch you
If you say so
Touch his dick
