DAY 7
Here we see a reporter in her natural environment, waking after a previous evening with her family.
Mating is a common pre-sleep practice for the reporter, but such activity was foregone the night before, resulting in a comfortable rest in…
Huh?
Hello?
Hey. What's up?
Nothing. I guess I was still dreaming. I thought David Attenborough was narrating my life.
The Jurassic Park guy?
Uh… I think so. He does all those documentaries, right?
You're weird.
Yep.
If someone was narrating my life, I think I'd want Stan Lee.
Conner does his best to mimic the old man's voice.
\"Hey there, True Believers! Stan 'The Man' here to tell you about the sexiest man alive, Conner Burton, and his twelve-inch penis! Excelsior!\"
You don't have a twelve-inch penis.
If Stan Lee says it, then it must be true.
Jessica laughs and gives him a kiss.
Well, I smell food, so I'm gonna go say hi to Mom.
Good idea. I'll be up in a bit.
Strolling into the living room, Jessica finds her mother already up and cooking breakfast.
Laura stirs at the sound of Jessica entering.
I'll come help you fix breakfast in just a sec, Mom.
Okay, sweetie. I'm waiting for you.
Good morning, Mom.
Good morning, Jessica.
What is Laura gonna help you with? Breakfast looks done to me.
Well, if we were waiting for her to get up, we'd be eating breakfast at lunchtime.
Jessica chuckles.
I'm gonna wash up real quick.
Jessica heads back to her bathroom, washing up her face before brushing her teeth.
The door opens and Conner joins her inside, looping his arms around her waist.
Hey, baby.
Hey. Am bwushin' ma teeth.
Listen, I was thinking, when your sister and Sara leave, we should do something wild.
Celebrate being alone by walking around the house naked.
Or, I don't know, have sex on the kitchen table?
Jessica finally leans down and spits out the toothpaste.
Sweetie, I can't talk when I'm brushing.
Come on. Let's go use the table for its true purpose - eating. We'll think about our day later.
Jessica, Conner, and Sara sit down for their meal. The sounds of breakfast stir Laura from the couch, and she heads into the other bedroom to dress.
You're eating awfully quick, Sara.
Yeah. You're eating like me, Mom.
I need to get ready for my meeting.
Laura comes out from the bathroom and takes her seat.
Thanks for cooking, Mom.
You're welcome, sweetie.
Sara, I was gonna say, I'm heading out to meet a friend in a bit. I can give you a ride to your meeting.
Oh, that would be lovely, Conner. Thank you.
Where are you heading, by the way?
To see Benson. He asked me to drive out and help him with something.
Sara quickly finishes up her meal, then heads back to her room to get ready.
So Conner, you need to tell us where you bring Mom to.
Huh?
I think Mom might be…
Shush!
Do I wanna know?
It's Operation-
No, you don't, Conner. And shush!
Uh, sure. I'll take note.
After breakfast, Conner heads off to get ready.
I guess it's just the two of us for a little while.
What do you want to do today?
I was thinking… be lazy as hell.
I'm good at that!
The bedroom door opens, and Sara comes out in her new outfit.
Damn, Mom. You look great!
Thanks, sweetie.
It nice. Very \"sexy aristocrat\" style.
Jessica strolls over to adjust Sara's jacket.
She pulls the jacket open a bit to reveal more of Sara's cleavage.
You should show the girls off a little bit. It'll help with your ‘business meeting'.
Sara rolls her eyes and slaps Jessica's hands away.
I think I'm good, Jessica.
There we go. All set to knock ‘em dead.
Good luck today, Mom.
Thanks, Jessica.
Laura, don't forget our train ride is at 4. Make sure you're packed when I get back.
Sure thing, Mom.
While Sarah gathers her things, Conner comes back out.
He pulls Jessica into his arms and plants a kiss on her lips.
When you gonna be back?
I'm not sure. Benson didn't say what the favor was.
It should just be a few hours, though. I'll try to get back ASAP.
Okay. I am going out with Heather later, though.
Really? Mind if I tag along?
Sorry, baby. It's sort of a girl's night.
Aw, damn. I was hoping you and I could have some fun together.
Well, I won't be home late. It's a work day tomorrow, after all.
We can do something we I get home.
Okay, babe. Love you.
Love you, too.
Sara and Conner take off, leaving Jessica and Laura all alone.
Well, what do you want to do? We've got a while with just the two of us.
Let's do each other's nails! We haven't done that in forever!
Sure! I'll be right back!
They get started, Jessica pushing her feet toward her sister.
Careful with those fingers. I'm super ticklish.
I remember.
So, are you seriously not worried about that superhero dude?
Well, I don't know if he's a superhero.
I mean, he runs around in tight leather and beats the shit out of bad guys. Superhero.
I guess.
If you meet him, you should introduce him to Conner. He loves superheroes.
I know. Before he joined up, Conner used to go to the comic shop every Wednesday, then come home and read for like two hours.
He made sure to keep all his comics bagged and protected. He freaked once when I put a beer down on his comic box.
Ha! What a nerd!
OK, my turn.
Let me just grab my glasses or I'll get it all over your toes.
The ladies change positions.
I'm more concerned about my job. I need to get a story for my boss, or my contact at the police department is gonna be pissed.
You could just make something up.
Laura, you're smart enough to know how fucking stupid that statement was.
Don't call me stupid, or I'll kick you!
Don't even try, or I'll do this.
Jessica reaches down and starts to tickle Laura's foot.
AH HAHA! Don't!
I'm not the only one who's ticklish.
Hmm. Not bad.
Yeah. It looks good. Very pretty.
I wish you were around more often. It's always fun when you're here.
It'd be more fun if you liked Mario Kart.
No thanks. You get WAY too competitive with that game.
Cause I'm da BES!
The two of them talk for a while, before Jessica hears her stomach grumble.
Well I'm hungry. I'm gonna make some pizza.
You know, if Mom saw us eating here, she'd freak out!
It's my fucking couch! I'll eat on it if I want to.
Mom would still lecture you.
That's true. God, remember when she made us clean the whole house because she caught us eating on the couch at our old house?
Oh my god! I've never been so sore in my life!
Dad thought the whole thing was hilarious.
After eating the whole pizza, both women are still hungry, so Jessica makes another one.
They eat it all.
Oh, why did we do that?
It's fun to pig out sometimes.
I don't feel well.
You can eat on my couch, but if you puke on it, you're cleaning it up.
A few hours later, Sarah returns to find Jessica and Laura still chatting on the couch.
Laura! Why aren't you ready?! We'll miss our train!
Damn! Sorry, Mom. I lost track of time.
Laura jumps up, running off the bedroom to pack her things.
How'd the meeting go, Mom?
Very well. We've got another meeting on Thursday, and then I'll know for sure if we're going forward with the New Port office.
That's great! It'd be wonderful to have you around more!
Laura comes out with her bags a few minutes later, all ready for her trip.
Okay. I'm all packed. Jess, it was great seeing you! And beating you in Mario Kart!
Jessica rolls her eyes and throw her arms around Laura.
I love you, too. You both have a great trip.
The group all wave goodbye, and a few moments later Jessica is alone in the apartment once again.
Jessica grabs a book and drops down on the couch to read for a while.
Alright, let's finish this one.
After reading for about an hour, her phone rings.
Hey, babe.
Hi, Jess. How's it going?
Reading. I decided that me and my couch are spending the day together.
And the evening? You still intend to do that girls only night with Heather?
That's the plan. Why?
I'll go grab a drink with Benson then, he's buying after all the work today.
Sure, just make sure he's not buying too much, I'll need you later.
Hah, alright. I'll make sure I'm in the right shape for you.
Have fun.
You too, honey.
Sure. Have fun.
You too, honey. See ya later then.
Bye.
Jessica puts the phone on the table and gets back to her book.
Once it starts getting late, she decides to get ready for girl's night.
After spending a little while deciding on her outfit, Jessica slips into her evening wear.
I hope Heather likes the dress. It's been a while since I've worn anything this revealing.
Or this shiny.
Conner's going to be disappointed he can't spend time with me in this dress. It's been a while since I've worn anything this revealing.
Or this shiny.
Over at Heather's, she knocks and hears the words \"Come in!\"
Strolling inside, Heather is there to greet her, in a dress about as tight as a rubberband.
Goddamnit. Why does she always look so much prettier than me?!
Jesus, Heather. You look incredible!
I'm not the only one. Where have you been hiding that dress?
You look positively delicious tonight!
Jessica smiles, always glad to get a compliment.
Where are we going?
Just a little place I found last month. Not too loud, not too crowded.
Jessica motions toward the door.
Shall we?
Let's.
One taxi ride later, the ladies arrive at the Fox Lounge.
This place is nice.
Isn't it? Grab us a table. I'll get us some drinks.
Nothing too strong for me. I've got to work tomorrow.
No problem.
Jessica takes a seat, Heather coming by with drinks in hand a few minutes later.
I said not too strong, and you go for martinis?
Come on, it's girl's night! Let's let loose a little bit.
Are you trying to get me drunk?
Maybe.
You know, you don't have to get me wasted to have your way with me.
Heather settles in next to Jessica with a satisfied chuckle.
So, how's it going with the family.
Not bad. I think my mom might be secretly seeing someone.
Guy or girl?
Guy. My mom doesn't swing that way.
Getting a clandestine boning is always fun.
If she is seeing some guy, I don't know why she's keeping it a secret.
We just want her to be happy.
It sounds to me like she's kind of uptight about it. Like she thinks people might disapprove.
And the solution for a stick up the ass is a different kind of rod up there instead.
Heather grins and laughs while Jessica just shakes her head.
I'm pretty sure my mom won't go for anal.
As long as something is getting her off. Even if it's just Mr. Buzz-buzz.
Why don't we not talk about my mom's orgasms anymore?
You know, it seems like you're not that different from her.
I am not! She's obsessed with her work, and I'm…
Okay, I'm not THAT obsessed.
I've been trying to get you out of that apartment for so damn long, but this is only like the second time.
I was just dedicated to getting a new job, is all.
Dear God? Have I become my mother?
You should definitely try to help her out, though. She raised a great daughter. She deserves to be happy.
I could help, if you want. I'm sure I could find her exactly what she needs. I'm good at that.
Jessica is about to answer, but stops herself and just stares at Heather's devious smile.
I could help, if you want. Maybe try to find her a good boyfriend if secret-man doesn't pan out.
Before the conversation can continue, a young man approaches the table.
Excuse me, but are you Mrs. Steel?
Heather looks him up and down, brow furrowed.
Um… have we met?
I'm Derek Kolisnyk. I interned at Koothrappali and Wolowitz.
Heather snaps her fingers.
That's right! How could I forget an ass that cute?! How are you?!
Not bad. I was meeting a friend here, but it looks she ain't coming. I was about to leave when I saw you.
Can I buy you gals a drink?
Hmm. Well, Jessica, what do you think? Want some company? Can he join us?
Why not? They know each other. It would be rude to send him away.
Sure. Have a seat.
Great. I'll go get some drinks. Strawberry martinis? Cool. Be right back.
Why not? They know each other. It would be rude to send him away.
Sure. Have a seat.
Great. I'll go get some drinks. Strawberry martinis? Cool. Be right back.
I think I'd like to keep it just me and Heather.
Jessica leans in as he heads towards the bar.
How well do you know this guy?
Heather shrugs.
Oh, I just met him a few times at work.
Normally I'd avoid complications in my workplace, but he doesn't work with us anymore.
Jessica cocks an eyebrow while Heather grins.
Normally?
Derek returns with two more martinis for the girls, and a mug of beer for himself.
Thank you, Derek. By the way, this is my friend Jessica.
Howdy. Good to meet you.
Likewise.
Where are you working now, Derek?
I got hired on at Shelqist and Sons. It's a good firm, and the pay's fantastic.
Jessica coughs and turns away.
I should watch what I say. Shelqist represents the company trying to build the new stadium.
Heather and Derek talk about their time together, Heather being particularly flirtatious.
What about you, Jessica?
Huh? What?
What do you do?
I… work at the New Port Gazette. I just started last week.
A reporter, huh?
No, nothing like that. Pretty much just filing duties at the moment, and helping out the other journalists.
Well, I better watch what I say. Bosses don't like when we talk to the press.
He laughs, Jessica joining in.
He seems a little naive, perhaps. Hell, if he and Heather know one another, I could potentially make a contact in that firm.
Thankfully, Derek and Heather start talking again, leaving Jessica to her clandestine planning.
What about you, Heather? Thinking you'll make partner soon?
I'd better. As much work as I've done for that firm, I expect nothing less.
Again, the two share a laugh, Jessica feeling a little left out but glad they're getting along so well.
She keeps noting Heather flirting with Derek, heavily. While she watches, Heather reaches forward and touches his hand, laughing like an idiot.
They talk for some time, all three of them getting just a little drunk as they have a couple more drinks.
If you'll excuse me ladies, I need to use the men's room. I'll be right back.
We'll be here.
Heather, what are you doing?
Hmm?
You're practically giving him the signal you're open for business.
What can I say? That bod just has me going.
I mean, yeah, he's attractive, but where are you going with this?
Heather laughs, almost like a super-villain.
Come on. I'll show you.
What do you mean?
You're my wingwoman for tonight. Don't worry. You don't have to do anything but watch.
Jessica follows Heather to the men's room. After grabbing an \"Out of Order\" sign lying nearby and putting it in front of the door, Heather heads inside.
Jessica sighs, but follows her in a moment later.
Uh… hey. What's up?
Nothing much. Are you alone in here?
Yeah. There's no one else in here.
What's going on?
Heather smiles coyly and drapes herself over Derek.
I never did get to thank you for all your hard work at our company. I think you deserve a little reward.
A special reward.
Jesus, she's not really gonna…
Before Jessica can even finish her thought, Heather leans in and kisses Derek.
I guess she is.
Man, if anyone comes in and sees… what I'm pretty sure is about to happen, they might call the cops.
I'll need to watch the entrance.
Derek immediately responds, clearly enjoying himself. Heather has already unzipped his pants and is slipping her hand inside.
Damn, she's fast.
Wait, wait. What if, uh… what if someone comes in?
Oh, the restroom's out of order, so no one is coming in. It's just us.
That won't work for too long.
Well, then we'll just have to hurry up, won't we?
Without missing a beat, Heather squats down and pulls Derek's rigid dick from his pants.
Ooh, look at this big boy! He's beautiful!
You know, I saw the way you looked at me at the office. This is exactly what you wanted, wasn't it?
Oh, I was dreaming about it!
His gaze turns to Jessica. She blushes and turns her head slightly.
What about your friend?
Heather laughs.
Don't be greedy. Just focus on me, while I focus on this gorgeous cock.
Heather takes the dick in her mouth, sucking greedily while she bobs her head back and forth.
Jessica watches, fascinated by the sight. Her hand move down over her breast, gently squeezing.
This is remarkably hot. That girl can really suck a cock.
And with some dude she barely knows in a public restroom? I had no idea how much of a SLUT Heather is.
Even the sound makes Jessica feel a warmth in her nethers, with Heather's slurping and sucking driving her even closer toward the need to touch herself.
Eventually, the dick slips from Heather's mouth with an audible pop. After she gasps for air, Heather slaps the cock against her lips a few times.
Yeah, that's it. Just the kind of thing you wanted me to do with my mouth, wasn't it?
Fuck yes!
Yeah, well you're finally gonna get your wish. Cause this big dick is gonna fuck me!
Oh my god!
I'm your goddess, and you're going to stick your dick in your goddess' pussy!
First, though…
She fishes out a condom from her purse.
...put this on.
While Derek fumbles trying to get the rubber on his dick, Heather climbs up on the sink, pulling her skirt up as she goes.
The sight of Derek's dick coming closer to Heather's exposed cunt bring Jessica's hand down from her chest and over her sex.
Come on. Put that big dick inside me, big boy.
Jessica is already rapidly rubbing her clit through the dress, even before Derek's dick touches Heather.
Soon, he's sliding inside Heather, his manhood disappearing within.
Fuck, that's good.
Stop talking and fuck me!
He does so gladly, his cock appearing from within, now glistening wet, before ramming back inside.
Enamored of the display, Jessica begins pulling her dress up, and slides her fingers into her panties.
Heather's eyes close in concentration, her mouth open in a constant moan of ecstasy.
Oh, that's good. FUCK, your cock is just what I needed.
Yeah? You like that baby?
Yeah, but it could be better. Go faster. Fuck me harder.
Gladly.
The wet slapping of flesh against flesh fills the room.
All three of them are moaning, Derek and Heather as his cock thrusts inside, and Jessica as she rapidly rubs her clit.
All are keeping as quiet as they can, though, so no one will interrupt their fun.
Heather gets me to do some crazy shit. I can't believe I'm masturbating while watching her fuck in a public restroom.
Still, it's so fucking hot!
Jessica even licks her lips, savoring the sight of Derek's dick plunging inside Heather again and again.
I'm looking at another man's dick pumping inside another woman. I should feel guilty, but it's too fucking hot!
Heather eventually turns over, looking up at Derek.
God, your cock feels good! Keep fucking me hard, goddamnit! Fuck me like an animal!
Derek says nothing, simply gritting his teeth and ramming his dick in as rapidly as he can.
The sink begins shaking a bit, worrying Jessica that someone might hear. It's not enough to make her stop masturbating, though.
That's right, Derek. Keep fucking that pretty pussy of hers! Just like that!
As if hearing her thoughts, Derek turns to watch Jessica stroking her pussy.
Figures. Dick-deep inside Heather, and he still wants more. Fucking typical.
She sighs, but keeps going, eager to see them both cum.
Heather climaxes first, closing her eyes and mewling softly.
Fuck yes! Fuck yes! I'm cumming!
Derek keeps slamming himself in her again and again, his face likewise becoming a mask of pleasure.
Here I cum! Here I cum! NGH!
And seeing Heather cum is so hot, I think I'm gonna cum soon, too!
Soon enough, Jessica closes her eyes, feeling her sex quivering with pleasure.
She imagines that the cock is inside her, pounding away while she's bent over the sink.
Yes, yes, yes! That's so good! Fuck me! Fuck me!
Her fingers keep rubbing her clit as she climaxes, soon becoming wet and sticky, though she hardly notices.
She keeps going until her orgasm finally subsides.
When she opens her eyes, she flinches back, finding Heather right in front of her.
You know the lookout's job is to… lookout, right?
Shit. I'm sorry.
Heather laughs.
Sweetie, I'm joking.
Jessica smiles in relief, then pulls her fingers from her panties. She wipes the sticky juices away with a paper towel before putting her dress back down.
Fuck, that was great.
It was. Thanks for the fun time, Derek.
Can I call you sometime?
Mmm. Maybe if you do another internship at our firm.
Umm.
Anyway, later. Come on, Jessica.
The ladies are laughing when they arrive home.
I still can't believe you brushed him off like that.
Hey, he had a great night. That should be enough.
Well, I had fun, too. Tonight didn't go at all like I expected it to.
We should do it again sometime.
Girl's night, or you fucking a guy in the bathroom?
Heather just grins.
You have a good night, sweetie.
With that, Heather heads inside her apartment, leaving an exhausted Jessica shaking her head before doing the same.
Sorry, Derek. It's just us girls, tonight.
That's cool. You ladies have a good night.
Waving, Derek heads out, seeming a little disappointed.
Sweetie, you broke his heart. He wanted to spend some time with two beautiful women.
Maybe, but I'm having fun with you. We don't need anyone else with us to have fun.
Heather giggles.
You're absolutely right, Jess.
Oh my god. These are a little strong.
Jessica stares into her glass, feeling her head swimming. Heather laughs.
Enjoying your drink?
Definitely. I love strawberry drinks.
Here. Have mine.
Heather pops the strawberry between Jessica's lips, then stands up.
I'll go get another one.
Jessica watches Heather head up to the bar, holding one finger up and leaning onto the counter.
She really is something. Every guy in this place watched her walk over.
And those two up there are even trying to hit on her.
She sips more of her drink while she watches Heather giggle and flirt before turning away, leaving the men high and dry.
Here we go! Another one for you.
You ARE trying to get me drunk.
Heather grins.
If I have to.
Heather's hand slides up Jessica's leg, gently caressing Jessica's naked thigh.
Jessica feels her heart begin to beat faster as the fingers move up her skirt.
I don't suppose you're wearing my panties, are you? That would be a hell of a way to give them back to me.
Almost panicking, Jessica stops Heather's hand from moving up any further.
Her head turns around, wondering if anyone is watching.
No. I, uh, didn't bring them.
Oh, holding on to them, are you? That sounds like an excuse for a second date.
Why would you think I brought them? I mean, are you wearing mine?
Maybe I should show you.
By the way, that dress is amazing!
Why, thank you. I hoped you'd like it.
That has to be so tight. And my god, it's so short.
Aren't you worried someone's going to try to sneak a look?
Oh, it wouldn't bother me in the slightest. Watch.
Heather grins and begins spreading her legs.
With her heart pounding in her ears, Jessica looks around, noticing some of the men watching.
Well, this isn't the first time I've lezzed out in front of guys. College parties were fun.
Still, this is a bit much. I only made out with the girls at school.
Jessica leans in, closing Heather's legs.
You keep that up, you'll have every guy in the bar asking to join us.
Mmm.
Without warning, Heather takes advantage of their proximity, and leans into kiss Jessica.
More than happy to be back in Heather's embrace, Jessica closes her eyes and moans.
Mmm.
For a few moments, the pair just kiss, oblivious to the attention on them.
Every time she kisses me, I feel incredible. I don't know how she does this to me.
Eventually, though, Jessica pulls away, blushing crimson.
I can't believe we just did that. Right in front of everyone.
Behinds closed doors is one thing, but this feels so weird.
You okay?
Jessica takes a sip of her drink and nods.
Mmm-hmm. Just… not used to doing that in public, is all.
I get it.
The girls keep chatting and laughing together for a while, having a wonderful time together.
Well, why don't we head home? I think both of us have to work tomorrow.
Sure. This was fun, though. Thanks for bringing me.
No problem. I'm going to get you to come out with me more often, especially if you keep wearing dresses like that.
The ladies are laughing quietly as they come in, Jessica more than a little tipsy.
Heather opens up her apartment door, but doesn't go straight in, instead leaning closer to Jessica.
This was fun.
It was. I had a good time, even if it was short. It's good to get out.
Heather leans in closer, Jessica almost able to feel the woman's body heat.
Would you... like to come in?
I know what she's trying to get. She doesn't just want to offer me another drink.
Do I really want to go in? This is getting serious.
What the hell? Having a little more fun with Heather can't hurt.
I'd love to.
I think I should just go home for tonight. Things are starting to go too far.
I should go. Conner's going to be waiting for me.
Heather's face drops, her disappointment clear.
Oh. That's too bad.
It's probably best, though. I need to get some sleep. Work will be busy tomorrow.
Okay. Sleep well, Heather.
You too, Jess.
Jessica turns to head home, the door behind her closing.
So… how about a drink?
No sooner is Heather's purse on the counter than all pretense is dropped.
She sidles up behind Jessica, arms wrapping around the other woman and pulling her close.
Mmm, I think I prefer to go straight to dessert.
Yeah… me too.
Jessica feels Heather's lips on her neck, gently caressing her flesh while slowly moving along the shoulder.
Mmm, you're so beautiful, Jessica.
So are you, Heather. You're almost too pretty.
The beating of Jessica's heart is nearly deafening. Her stomach churns while her nethers quickly become moist.
I love this feeling. I want it all the time!
How about we move into the bedroom. It's more comfortable there.
Yeah. Definitely.
Heather takes Jessica's hand and leads her into the bedroom, their eyes locked as they go.
I don't really… um… I don't really know what I'm doing here.
Heather laughs.
Don't worry, sweetie. Just follow my lead. I'll guide you.
The pair come together in a passionate embrace, both moaning as their hands roam over one another's bodies.
The kiss is far rougher and stronger than it was before, neither of them holding back any longer.
She tastes incredible, and she may be the best kisser I've ever made out with.
If I could, I think I'd kiss her every single day.
The kiss goes on longer than Jessica expected. She marvels at how skilled Heather is with her tongue.
It's a good thing I didn't meet a girl like her in college. I may have gone full lesbo and just dated her.
The thought of Conner briefly flits into her mind, but she pushes it back out, wanting none of the guilt in her mind.
She only wants to think about her beautiful lover, and how wonderful it feels to be in Heather's arms.
To Jessica's surprise, Heather's hand soon comes up and pulls the shoulder strap of her dress down, revealing her bare breast.
Jessica stops the kiss, momentarily stunned by her body being laid bare in such a way.
Is this okay?
It takes a few seconds, but Jessica nods and turns her attention back to Heather with a smile.
Yeah. Yeah, keep going.
The kiss goes on, Heather continuing to pull the dress down.
Soon, almost all of Jessica's body is revealed, yet her trepidation is gone. In its place is a sensual eroticism of a kind she hasn't felt in years.
It's the sensation of finally letting her lover see her fully nude and with the intention to make love.
Your hands feel so good, Heather.
Mmm, your skin is so soft.
With Jessica's dress bunched up about her feet, Heather cups Jessica's face and stares into her eyes.
I have wanted you for so long, Jess. You're so incredibly beautiful.
Jessica smiles and begins kissing Heather softly, her own hands now pulling up the other woman's dress.
The dress is tight. Far tighter than Jessica had expected, and it's coming off slowly.
Goddamnit. Why won't this dress come off already?
She's never been so impatient to get her lover undressed in her entire life. She wants Heather, and wants her now.
With her dress off, Heather gives Jessica one last kiss before going down to her knees.
Just relax, sweetie. I'm gonna make you feel incredible.
Jessica takes a deep breath, her chest tingling. She flinches when she feels Heather's fingers slip through her panties and begin pulling them down her legs.
Oh my god.
With a self-satisfied chuckle, Heather pulls the soaking panties away, tossing them to the side, then leans into kiss Jessica's quivering womanhood.
Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god.
Heather giggles, the sound muffled by Jessica's sex.
The other woman's tongue moves expertly around the pussy, her lips kissing and pulling at the labia.
AH!
Jessica's body convulses as she's overcome by pleasure. Heather laughs.
A woman knows what a woman needs.
After a few more seconds with her face buried between Jessica's legs, Heather guides Jessica to the bed.
So sweetie, have you ever had your toes sucked before?
No. Never.
Heather lifts Jessica's leg, running her hands up and down the smooth skin.
Then baby, you're in for a treat.
Leaning back and lifting the foot up, Heather kisses the big toe before licking the underside.
That… that doesn't taste…?
It tastes incredible.
Heather keeps going, sucking the whole toe into her mouth and running her tongue between it and the next one.
Jessica gasps, overcome by a strange kind of pleasure she hadn't expected.
Wow, that… that actually feels good.
It does, doesn't it? There's so much you can do with feet.
But…
Putting the leg down, Heather stands and takes off her own panties.
...right now, I want something else.
Jessica watches with fascination as Heather's womanhood is uncovered.
Her mouth and her sex both water at the sight of it, it's glistening pink lips and fiery red hair.
Fuck.
She's almost jealous, disappointed that her own cunt is so mundane by comparison.
Heather mounts Jessica, gently squeezing her breasts while leaning in for a kiss.
Her hips slide forward and back gently, tribbing herself against Jessica.
I can feel her wetness all over me! It's even getting on my stomach!
And it feels incredible! I hope by the time we're done I'm just covered in her juices!
She moans, savoring Heather's taste and the feeling of their bodies together. It's just what she'd hoped for when she accepted Heather's invitation.
Heather never disappoints.
Okay, lift your leg up now. The right one. Sorry, I meant my right. Your left leg.
Jessica chuckles, she and Heather both laughing and sharing another kiss.
Okay. Now, here we go.
Heather's body descends again, placing their soaking wet pussies together. Heather begins sliding herself forward and back once more.
Oh, that's nice.
Oh, that feels good.
Thrust up against me, baby. Don't be afraid to be selfish.
Jessica closes her eyes and follows Heather's instructions. Her nethers fill with a new sort of sexual bliss, one which she wants to revel in.
Heather goes faster, while reaching up and pulling off Jessica's glasses.
Let's take these off, hmm? Don't want them getting smashed in all the commotion.
Jessica says nothing, too overcome by pleasure to do anything but look up at her lover and moan in ecstasy.
After a while, Heather puts her hand between Jessica's legs and begins fingering her instead.
Oh god! Oh, that's good!
I've got magic fingers, sweetie, and they're gonna make you cum.
Yes! Heather, I'm almost there! Keep going!
With a laugh, Heather begins rapidly pumping her fingers into Jessica. It's enough to draw out a scream of ecstasy, and an orgasm.
Jessica pumps her hips up to meet Heather's hand, her cum squirting into the palm as Jessica's nethers light up in pleasure.
Oh, that looked like it was fun.
Once her orgasm dies down, Jessica relaxes on the bed, smiling and nodding.
Oh yeah.
Okay. Let's try this now.
Heather slides up Jessica's body, putting her soaking wet womanhood directly onto Jessica's mouth.
Come on, baby! Make me feel good!
Jessica is more than happy to oblige, and begins eagerly lapping at Heather's pussy.
Yeah, that's good, sweetie. Just like that. Oh! Keep going!
Heather leans back, moaning in pleasure, while her hand moves between Jessica's legs.
Her fingers slip into Jessica's sopping folds, fucking the girl licking her.
Jessica's mewls of delight draw cries of bliss from Heather, both women writhing together in ecstasy.
Yes! Yes, Jessica! Just like that!
For a few moments more, the pair keep at it, Jessica savoring the taste of her lover.
Quite suddenly, and much to Jessica's surprise, Heather switches positions.
Instead of simply offering her womanhood to Jessica, now she's sampling Jessica's own tender sex.
Neither says a word, and instead go at the other woman fervently. Their moans light up the room as both lick and finger the other closer and closer to orgasm.
The moans grow louder, soon turning to squeals of delight. Jessica can feel her next orgasm coming, drawn out by Heather's incredible technique and magic fingers.
Finally, Jessica begins to writhe on the bed, pleasure flowing up her body in wave after wave of orgasmic joy.
Heather doesn't even slow, and keeps licking Jessica all the while, lapping up the juices flowing from within.
Then it's Heather's turn, her own cum splashing onto Jessica's tongue. It's a sweet taste, quite unlike what Jessica had been expecting. She greedily begins to lap it up, just as Heather had done for her.
Exhausted and spent, the two lie in bed together for a little while, saying nothing.
The only sounds are of their heavy panting.
Eventually, Heather lets out a little giggle and turns to plan a kiss on Jessica's cheek.
Well, I'm so happy I finally got to do that with you.
That was… that was something.
That was… cheating on Conner.
There's no fudging this one, Jessica. You just cheated on your boyfriend.
Jessica sighs, trying to work through the mixture of guilt and joy fighting one another in her chest.
Did you have fun, sweetie?
I did. But… I should get back. Conner's really going to wonder where I am.
You just gonna go back smelling like that?
Jessica stops, then nods.
Good point? Can I use your bathroom?
Of course, sweetie.
Jessica heads to the bathroom and takes a quick shower. When she comes back out to get dressed, she finds that Heather has already fallen asleep.
It's a relief, since she feels no end of awkward now. Throwing her clothes back on, she heads out and back to her own home.
Jessica opens and closes her front door as quietly as possible.
She removes her shoes before heading toward the bedroom, hoping to enter without Conner hearing her.
I think Conner would believe me if I said Heather and I just stayed out for a while. Still, better to avoid the question.
It does feel strange to come home to Conner after… that. I feel guilty, but it's also kind of kinky.
After changing, Jessica climbs into bed. Conner is fast asleep, and doesn't stir.
I wonder. Could Conner and I have what Heather and Christian have? Could I tell him I had sex with another woman?
No. Probably not. I doubt he'd be as understanding, even if it was just with a woman.
As she closes her eyes to drift off to sleep, her thoughts go back to Heather.
Why do I like Heather so much, anyway?
I'm not a lesbian, am I? I mean, I like men. I'm with Conner.
Was this just a fun little fling, or… is there a deeper reason I like spending so much time with Heather?
I should just get some sleep. I'm too tired to be thinking about this right now.
Jessica clears her mind, and slips away mere moments later.
Jessica strolls inside, her body begging for sleep.
I don't know if it's how busy I've been lately, or the drinks, but I am so ready to crash.
It's best I didn't go in with Heather. Things have been spiraling out of control with her.
Still, after watching Heather and that guy go at it, I could go for a quickie.
I wonder if Conner's still up?
Heading into the bedroom, she finds him fast asleep.
Probably for the best. I really need to get to sleep.
After undressing and getting into her nightclothes, Jessica climbs into bed with Conner, who's fast asleep.
Jessica runs her hand over him, giving him a smile.
He didn't stir at all when she lay down next to him.
I should let him sleep. He's probably as tired as I am.
Rolling to the side, she mulls the evening over in her head.
Oh, what am I gonna do with Heather? She's incorrigible, and wants me in her bed so badly.
It's nice to feel so wanted, though. Particularly from a woman as pretty as she is.
That was so much fun! I still can't believe I watched Heather fuck some guy in the bathroom.
It made me so fucking horny! I wonder if I could do something like that. It looks like so much fun!
I still can't believe I watched Heather fuck some guy in the bathroom.
That was so kinky. I wish Conner was there with me.
Sure, he can join
Girls only
Accept Heather's invitation
Go home
